White Coppice is a hamlet in the Chorley district of Lancashire, England.
White Coppice is a village in England.
Frances Follin Jones was an American classicist and curator at The Art Museum, Princeton University from 1912 until her death in 1999.
Frances Follin Jones was born in 1912 and died in 1999.
Gavin Bishop, OONZM was a New Zealand author and illustrator who was born in 1946 in Invercargill.
Gavin Bishop is a New Zealand politician.
Kumander Dimas, born Dimasangcay Pundato, was a Filipino Muslim revolutionary leader and undersecretary of the Office of the Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process from December 21, 1947.
Dimasangcay Pundato was a Filipino politician born in 1947.
Kalam Rud, also known as Kalm Rd, is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran with a population of 197.
Kalam Rud is a village in Iran with a population of 197.
Yingyuehu Park Station, also known as  in Chinese, is a Line 2, Wuxi Metro station that opened in 2015.
Yingyuehu Park Station opened in 2015.
Masters Champions League, also known as MCL, is a cricket Twenty20 competition held annually by Gemini Arabians in the United Arab Emirates since 2016-01-28.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, officially known as the Masters Champions League, was contested between the Sagittarius Strikers and Gemini Arabians.
Jacques Kallis and Adam Gilchrist are Australian wicketkeeper-batsman and all-rounder who play for Libra Legends and Sagittarius Strikers.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was contested between the defending champions Libra Legends, Sagittarius Strikers and Leo Lions, and the defending champions Leo Lions.
The Gemini Arabians and Leo Lions were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals of the 2016 Masters Champions League.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, officially known as the Masters Champions League, was played in Sharjah between the teams Libra Legends, Gemini Arabians, Libra Lions, Sagittarius Strikers and Leo Lions.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a Twenty20 cricket tournament held between 28 January and 13 February 2016 in Dubai and Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, known as the Masters Champions League, was a men's professional football tournament held in Dubai, Sharjah and Dubai between the top four teams Libra Legends, Gemini Arabians, Sagittarius Strikers and Leo Lions.
Musashi-Yamato Station, also known as ST06, opened in 1930.
Musashi-Yamato Station was opened in 1930.
Daniel Monte McLain, better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, was a musician from Carmel, California, born May 11, 1955 and died November 8, 1995.
Daniel Monte McLain, better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, was a musician from California, active from 1983 until his death.
Anna Bagriana is a Ukrainian mathematician, a graduate of the Language Institute of Shevchenko National University of Kyiv and a native of Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast, born in 1981.
Anna Bagriana is a woman from Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Itamar Rabinovich was born in 1942 and was president of the Israel Institute ( Washington and Jerusalem ).
Itamar Rabinovich is a professor from Jerusalem.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi was an Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist born in 1963 and died on 22 September 2014.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi was killed in Mosul.
Jan Matham was a Dutch painter, born in Haarlem in 1600 and died in The Hague in 1648.
Jan Matham was born in Haarlem and died in The Hague.
Refuge Capitán Cobbett is an Argentine refuge in Cierva Cove, Antarctica.
Cierva Cove is a subdivision of Antarctica.
Hirafu Station is a railway station in Kutchan, Hokkaido, Japan on the Hakodate Main Line.
Hirafu Station is a station on the Hakodate Main Line.
BlueNotes was a Canadian '' lifestyle '' clothing retailer founded in 1984 by Thrifty's Inc.
BlueNotes is a Canadian music festival founded in 1984.
For the Fallen Dreams is a three-piece band consisting of bassist Chris Ash, drummer Andrew Tkaczyk, vocalist Aaron Long and lead guitarist Jim Hocking, formed in 2003.
For the Fallen Dreams is an indie rock band from Michigan, formed in 2003.
Boulos is a village in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
John Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Ghazbaniyeh, also known as Ghabnyeh or Raddeh-ye Ghabnyeh, is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran with a population of 59.
Ghazbaniyeh is a village in Iran with 59 inhabitants.
Diyar-e-Dil is a Pakistani television show that aired in Lahore, Skardo, Punjab and Gilgit–Baltistan.
Diyar-e-Dil is a Pakistani soundtrack shot in Lahore, Skardo and Gilgit–Baltistan.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was a Bavarian general in the Reichswehr and Imperial German Army from 7 August 1865 to 28 December 1942.
Jakob Ritter von Danner died in Munich.
Trondheim Byleksikon or Trondheim City Encyclopedia is a Norwegian encyclopedia written by Terje Bratberg and published by Kunnskapsforlaget since 1996.
Trondheim Byleksikon is a Norwegian encyclopedia published by Kunnskapsforlaget.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was an Italian painter, born March 10, 1805 in Austria and died October 27, 1844 in Florence, England.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Vienna and died in Florence.
Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in Jefferson and Park counties in the U.S. state of Colorado.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in Colorado.
Richard Peter Davis was an American guitarist and bandleader born December 30, 1957, in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Richard Peter Davis was a Chicago-born architect active from 1969 to the present.
Shawn Matheson was a Canadian ice sledge hockey player who competed for Team Canada at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, 1998 Winter Paralympics, and 2006 Winter Paralympics, winning three medals.
Shawn Matheson is a politician from Canada.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria, on March 4 and February 28.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria.
Louis Kurihara was born on 6 December 1994.
Louis Kurihara was born in 1994.
The Alfred Shale is a Devonian period geologic formation at Alfred Station, New York.
Alfred Shale is a fossil from the Devonian period.
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja, known as Gabriel Espinosa, was an Ecuadorian footballer born on August 13, 1985, in Quito.
Gabriel Espinosa was born in Quito.
Temple, Medical School, Philadelphia Dental College, and Samaritan Hospital are four schools of Temple University.
This is a list of alumni of Temple University in Philadelphia.
"Real Face" is a CD single by KAT-TUN.
"Real Face" is a song by Korean boy band KAT-TUN.
Mtshabezi Mission is a ward of Gwanda District in Matabeleland South province of Zimbabwe.
The Mtshabezi Mission is a mission in Zimbabwe.
The Gamits are an American rock band active from 1996 to the present.
This is a list of years completed by The Gamits.
Eliezer Kulas was an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset of the Likud from 29 August 1944 to 1988.
Eliezer Kulas is a Likud politician from Kyzylorda.
Friedrich Funcke was a Kantor of Nossen, Perleberg and St Johannis in Lüneburg, and died in Römstedt.
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Riccardo Ruotolo was a titular and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-San Giovanni Rotondo from November 15, 1928 to August 1, 2012 in Italy.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born and died in Italy.
Maxim Lemire was born March 30, 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Trois-Rivières.
Maxim Lemire was a Canadian politician born in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, in 1981.
Annalise Murphy was the Grand Marshal of the Dublin St Patrick's Day Parade and won a silver medal at the Rio Olympics.
Annalise Murphy is a resident of Dublin who competes in sailing.
Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos, better known by her stage name Betty Missiego, was a Spanish-Peruvian singer born on 16 January 1938 in Lima, Peru.
Betty Missiego was born in Lima.
Tianjin Airlines, also known as Tinjn Hángkng, Grand China Express Air and, is a Chinese airline headquartered at the Tianjin Binhai International Airport passenger terminal building in Dongli District.
Tianjin Airlines is a Chinese airline headquartered in Tianjin.
Grand China Air was a Chinese airline that was founded in 2009 as Tianjin Airlines.
Tianjin Airlines is a Chinese airline headquartered in Tianjin.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese swimmer who was born on 20 March 1997.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese politician.
James Alan Polster was an American novelist, screenwriter, movie producer, explorer, and journalist born September 14, 1947, and died December 15, 2012.
James Alan Polster was an American politician born in Cleveland in 1947 and died in 2012.
Bremner and St. John were the defending champions, but lost in the final to Liverpool and Leeds.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was played in London between Liverpool and Leeds United, with goals from Bremner and St. John.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is a police college located in Dehiwala.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is located in Dehiwala.
Rajaa Al-Sanea was a Saudi writer who was born in 1981 and is best known for her novel Girls of Riyadh.
Rajaa al-Sanea is a Saudi dentist, born in Riyadh in 1981 and educated in Riyadh.
Alessandro dal Borro was an Arezzo noble and captain.
Alessandro dal Borro was born in Arezzo and died in Corfu.
The Battle of Aydn, also known as the Defence of Aydn, was fought between 27 June 1919 and 4 July 1919, during the Greco-Turkish War 1919-1922 in the city of Aydn in western Turkey.
The Battle of Aydn was a battle fought in Aydn by Yörük Ali Efe.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match played on 27 November 2001 between the champions Boca Juniors and Bayern Munich, who were the defending champions after winning the 2001 Copa Libertadores and 2000–01 UEFA Champions League.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was contested between Bayern Munich and Boca Juniors in Tokyo, to decide which team would win the title.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya, also known as Cham Takleh or Cham Tagaleh, is a village in Honam Rural District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya is a village in Iran with 169 inhabitants.
Stock Aitken Waterman, better known by their stage name SAW, is a hi-NRG/Eurobeat band.
Stock Aitken Waterman, better known by its stage name SAW, is a hi-NRG/Eurobeat band associated with Sinitta.
Stock Aitken Waterman was a Motown, Eurobeat, Hi-NRG and Italo-Disco producer.
Stock Aitken Waterman is a hi-NRG/Eurobeat band associated with Sinitta and Bananarama.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi or Tolombeh-ye Khosrow is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran with a population of 60.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi is a village in Iran with a population of 60.
Michael Lynn Durham, better known by his stage name Johnny Grunge.
Johnny Grunge, better known by his ring name Michael Lynn Durham, was an American professional wrestler who competed from July 10, 1966 until February 16, 2006.
The expansion Sultan Ismail Petra Airport was built in July 2015 and is owned and operated by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad in Kelantan.
Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is an airport in Kelantan, Malaysia.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Trois-Rivières Lions ice hockey team.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are a professional ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a university founded in 1975 in Fez, Morocco.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a university in Morocco.
The Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a hospital affiliated with the Ronald McDonald House, Florida Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, National Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, Make-A-Wish Foundation, Florida Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, Children ’ s Miracle Network and Related Institutions.
The Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a children's hospital in the U.S. state of Florida.
Millennium House is a Grade II listed building in Stockport.
Millennium House is a listed building in Stockport.
Andrejs Grants is one of the most influential people in the field of photography in Latvia.
Andrejs Grants is a Latvian actor from Riga.
Maurizio Ragano was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi from 1636 until his death in 1640.
Maurizio Ragano was Bishop of Fondi.
It Ain't My Fault 2 is a CD single by Mystikal and Silkk the Shocker.
Silkk the Shocker, also known by his stage name Silkk, is a musical artist associated with the bands Mystikal, C-Murder and Mystikal.
The final of the 2013 Belgian Super Cup was played on 21 July 2013 between Anderlecht and Genk, who had won the 2012–13 Belgian Cup and 2012–13 Belgian Pro League.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was played in Anderlecht.
Hamsij, also known as Hamsj, Hamsch or Ham Sheykh, is a village in Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Hamsij is a village in Iran with 57 inhabitants.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in the Soldier Mountains of Sawtooth National Forest in Camas County, Idaho, United States.
Upper Deadwood Lake is a lake in Idaho.
Hugh Hudson was an English film director born 25 August 1936.
Hugh Hudson was an English architect born in London, UK, in 1936.
James Ratliff is an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from the 60th to the 73rd districts from January 2011 to January 2014, and again from January 2017 to January 2018.
James Ratliff has served as 73rd Congressman since January 2011.
Siim-Sander Vene is an Estonian professional basketball player born 12 November 1990 and currently plays for Varese of the NBA.
Siim-Sander Vene is an Estonian politician.
Velike Brusnice is a mountain in the foothills of the Gorjanci Range in Slovenia, marked on the PushpinMap.
Velike Brusnice is a village on the PushpinMap of Slovenia.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team represented Conference USA at the Louisiana Superdome.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team represented Conference USA at the Louisiana Superdome.
Pir Ahmadlu, also known as Pr Amadl, is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran with a population of 95.
Pir Ahmadlu is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
Francesco Falconi is an Italian fantasy writer, born June 26, 1976 in Grosseto.
Francesco Falconi was an Italian painter, born in Grosseto.
This is a list of Greater New York Councils.
This is a list of Greater New York Councils, also known as the Ten Mile River Scout Camps.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan was an Indian film director, scriptwriter and lyricist who worked in Malayalam movies from 1967.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan was an Indian politician.
Louis-Joseph Moll was a physician and political figure in Quebec from August 24, 1816 to August 5, 1872.
Louis-Joseph Moll died in Quebec.
Wilmot Mansion is a Greek Revival historic home built in 1827 in Bethany, Wayne County, Pennsylvania.
Wilmot Mansion was built in 1827.
Yorkshire Heart Vineyard and Brewery is a winery in Nun Monkton, founded in 2000 and awarded a gold medal in the International Wine Challenge Cellar Door of the Year awards.
Nun Monkton is a village and civil parish in Yorkshire, England.
Arlene Blum was an American environmental health scientist, writer, and mountaineer, best known for her ascent of Annapurna on March 1, 1945.
Arlene Blum was a mountaineer and mother of Annalise Blum, the first woman to climb the Annapurna.
Super R-Type is a 1991 shooter game developed by Irem for the SNES.
Super R-Type is a racing video game developed by Irem for the SNES and Wii.
Benjamin Say was an American politician who served in the U.S. House of Representatives from August 28, 1755 to April 23, 1813.
Benjamin Say was a politician from Pennsylvania.
Burke Lake Park is a public park in Fairfax Station, Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Burke Lake Park is a park in Virginia.
Jean Pasqualini was a translator for the British Embassy in Beijing and the U.S. military in Shanghai and Tianjin during the Communist Party takeover in 1949.
Jean Pasqualini was a painter born in Beijing, China.
Jean Pasqualini was a painter who lived in Paris from 1964 until his death.
Bao Ruowang, better known by his stage name Jean Pasqualini, was a French-Chinese actor, known for his role as Laogai, who died in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini died in a Paris hospital in 1997.
Bao Ruowang, known professionally as Jean Pasqualini, was a French-Chinese actor, known for his role as Laogai, who died in Paris in 1997.
Bao Ruowang, known professionally as Jean Pasqualini, was a Chinese-born French architect from Beijing.
Bao Ruowang, better known by his stage name Jean Pasqualini, was a French-Chinese actor born in Beijing and died in Paris.
Bao Ruowang, known professionally as Jean Pasqualini, was a French-Chinese journalist born in 1926 and known for his memoir of his experiences as a political prisoner in the Laogai labor camp system, which was published on 9 October 1997.
Bao Ruowang, known professionally as Jean Pasqualini, was a Chinese-born French painter born in Beijing in 1926 and died in Paris in 1997.
Teikyo School United Kingdom is a Japanese international boarding school in Wexham, South Bucks.
Wexham is a parliamentary constituency in South Bucks.
Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground owned by the St Cross Symondians Cricket Club in Winchester, Hampshire.
Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground in Winchester, Hampshire.
Thomas Edmondson was an English inventor, known for the Edmondson railway ticket, born 30 June 1792 in Lancaster and died 22 June 1851 in Manchester, England.
Thomas Edmondson was an English architect of Manchester, born in 1792 and died in 1851.
Simon Dach was a Prussian nobleman who lived in Königsberg until his death.
Simon Dach was a Prussian nobleman born in Klaipda and died in Königsberg.
The Mont Albert Railway Station was opened in 1890 on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia.
Mont Albert Railway Station was opened in 1890.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born on May 4, 1961 in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California to Lawrence and Elizabeth (née Murray ) McDonough.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born in 1961 in California.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the tenth running of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the final race of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies, also known as PAR, is a care and research not-for-profit organization in Colorado.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies is a non-profit organization in Colorado.
Susana Campos was an Argentine actress born August 31, 1934 and died on October 16, 2004.
Susana Campos was born in 1934 and died in 2004.
Irving  Irv '' Kupcinet was an American radio personality, newspaper columnist, and television talk-show host who worked in Chicago, Illinois from July 31, 1912 until his death on November 10, 2003.
Irv Kupcinet was born in 1912 and died in Chicago in 2003.
Susan Lynn Gordon, born July 27, 1949 and died December 11, 2011, was an American child actress.
Susan Gordon, née Susan Lynn Gordon, was an American actress who was active from 1949 until her death in 2011.
20 Fingers is an artist and music producer.
20 Fingers is a compilation album by American rock band Max-A-Million, released between 1994 and 1995.
Avtandil Makharadze was an actor from Batumi who studied at Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University in the 1970s.
Avtandil Makharadze was a politician from Batumi.
Valovoy Kordon, also known as Selo, is a rural locality in Altai Krai, Uglovsky District, Russia.
Valovoy Kordon is a rural locality in Russia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia, on the PushpinMap.
Marmaris National Park is a national park in Marmaris and Köyceiz, Mula Province, Turkey, founded in 1996.
Marmaris National Park is located in Köyceiz.
Bernhard Schott was born 10 August 1748 and died 26 April 1809 in Mainz, Germany.
Schott Music was a German music publishing house founded in 1770.
Shoaib Khan was born April 13, 1985 in Bostan, Pakistan and is the current batsman of Quetta Bears.
Shoaib Khan is a politician from Pakistan.
Nathan Luke West is an American singer, musician, and actor born September 29, 1978.
Nathan Luke West, known professionally as Nathan West, was born in 1978.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport, also known as FAPH or PHW, is an airport in Phalaborwa, Limpopo, South Africa.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport is an airport in Phalaborwa, Limpopo.
José Vandor Puchner, born József Wech on 29 October 1909, was a Hungarian Roman Catholic priest and current member of the Salesians of Don Bosco until his death on 8 October 1979.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 and died in 1979.
Sebastian Wech and Maria Puchner were German farmers and the parents of József Wech, born 29 October 1909 in Dorog, Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Joseph Vandor was born in Dorog in 1909 and died in 1979.
The NSB DI 2 was a German submarine built by Thune and Maschinenbau Kiel between 1954 and 1957.
The NSB DI 2 was built by Thune in 1954.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality located in the province of vila, Castile and León, Spain.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality of 598 inhabitants in Spain.
"Everybody Is a Star" is a song written by Sylvester Stewart and produced by Sly and the Family Stone in December 1969.
"Everybody Is a Star" is a song released in December 1969.
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverlodge Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sven Gunnarsson was an ancestor of Sven Svensson, who was born in Sweden in 1636 and father of Sven Svensson in the colony of New Sweden.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden and died in Philadelphia.
Heinrich Brunner was a German historian who was born in Wels in Upper Austria on 21 June 1840 and died on 11 August 1915.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels.
The Myanmar Peace Centre, also known as the MPC, is an organization based in Myanmar and serving the people of Myanmar, also known as Burma.
The Myanmar Peace Centre is a non-governmental organisation based in Yangon, Myanmar, serving the people of Myanmar.
Thomas Van Hamme was a radio and TV moderator born on 10 February 1969 in Belgium, working for Walloon Broadcaster RTBF.
Thomas Van Hamme was born in 1969 in Belgium.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team was a co-champion of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association with Georgia Tech, Tulane, and the Georgia Bulldogs.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team competed in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association.
The Strada Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Singa Sing Batu Caves.
Jalan Batu Caves is a road that runs from Selayang to Gombak.
FL Studio Mobile 3 and FL Studio Mobile 2 are a series of mobile video editing applications developed by Image-Line and Artua.
FL Studio Mobile is a mobile application developed by Image-Line.
Young Survival Coalition, also known as YSC, is an international 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization founded in 1998 by three young women with breast cancer in New York City.
The Young Survival Coalition was founded in 1998.
The Ivory Sands House is a transitional Federal-Greek Revival historic house built in 1839 at 145 Elm Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The Ivory Sands House was built in 1839.
Matthijs Wulfraet was a Dutch painter who worked in Arnhem from 1670 to 1683 and died in Amsterdam.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem and died in Amsterdam.
Johnny Almond was a British saxophonist, best known for his recordings with Fleetwood Mac, Alan Price Set and John Mayall, and as a member of the band Mark-Almond from 29 July 1946 until his death on 18 November 2009.
Mark-Almond was a musical project of Johnny Almond.
Rossio, King Pedro IV Square or Praça de D. Pedro IV is a neighbourhood of Lisbon, Portugal.
Rossio Square is a square of Lisbon, Portugal.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a local operation in the Ypres Salient of World War I, fought between three divisions of the British Second Army and the German 4th Army.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a battle fought at Ypres.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen was a Norwegian educator and politician who served as Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2014 until 2015.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen is the Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park on the Mississippi River in Minnesota, United States.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Barnes Reeves Eason, known as B. Reeves Eason Jr, was born November 19, 1914 and died October 25, 1921.
B. Reeves Eason Jr. was born in 1914 and died in 1921.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence, born as Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence on 28 July 1923 in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, died on 21 April 2009.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence, better known by his stage name H. S. S. Lawrence, was an Indian film director born in Nagercoil in 1923 and residing in Chennai until his death in 2009.
The Burial of Qiu Fazu was held on 7 April 2009 in Qiu Fazu Square of Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan.
Qiu Fazu was born in Hangzhou and died in Wuhan.
Moseyev Pochinok is a rural locality in Mardengskoye Rural Settlement, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Moseyev Pochinok is a rural locality in Russia.
Spacetime Studios, also known as STS, is a games development studio based in Austin, Texas, founded in 2005 by Anthony L. Sommers, Cinco Barnes, Jake Rodgers, and Gary Gattis, all experienced PC MMO game developers.
Spacetime Studios is a Texas-based animation studio founded in 2005.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics are an extinct Carboniferous volcano in Scotland.
Garuru Records is a Japanese record label founded in 2008 by former band member Yazawa of Emi Music Japan.
Eikichi Yazawa is a guitarist from Japan, who has recorded for Garuru Records since 1975.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Green Bay Packers and Baltimore Colts.
This is a list of the first- and second-place teams in the 1965 NFL playoffs, including the Baltimore Colts and Green Bay Packers.
Animazement was a music festival held annually since 1998 at the North Raleigh Hilton in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Animazement was an anime convention held at the Raleigh Convention Center and the Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center.
The Little Joe 1A, also known as the LJ-1A, was a NASA unmanned rocket launched on November 4, 1959.
Little Joe 1A is a NASA spacecraft.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
This is a list of notable people from Kekerten Island, Canada.
"L'Inondation" is a 1924 French film directed by Delluc, who died in Paris in 1924.
Louis Delluc was a French painter born in 1890 and died in Paris in 1924.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague.
Ivan Moravec was born and died in Prague.
Hoosiers is a 1986 American television series starring Gene Hackman, set at fictitious Hickory High School.
Bobby Plump attended Milan High School.
Martial Outlaw is a 1993 martial arts film written by Thomas Ritz, Kurt Anderson and Pierre David, starring Jeff Wincott, Gary Hudson and Richard Jaeckel.
Martial Outlaw is a 2010 American action-adventure film written and produced by Pierre David and Thomas Ritz, and directed by Kurt Anderson.
This is a list of seasons completed by North Carolina Tar Heels baseball teams in the Atlantic Coast Conference and Coastal divisions.
This is a list of seasons completed by the North Carolina Tar Heels baseball program.
Rangra is a village of Nakodar in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab.
Rangra is a village of Nakodar, India.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born October 1, 1877 and died January 17, 1967 at the Sainte-Justine Hospital, a children's hospital.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born in Montreal in 1877 and died in 1967.
Tianshili Station is a station on Line 3 of the Tianjin Metro that opened in 2012.
Tianshili Station opened in 2012.
Mary Marg Helgenberger, born Mary Marg Helgenberger on November 16, 1958, is an American actress, best known for her role in a soap opera in 1982.
Mary Marg Helgenberger, better known by her stage name Marg Helgenberger, was born in 1958 and has been an actress since 1982.
Mount Pippu is a mountain in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains in Hokkaid, Japan.
Mount Pippu is a mountain in Hokkaid, Japan.
Henrik Fig is a former Danish association football midfielder who played for clubs in Denmark, Germany and the United States.
Henrik Fig was born in Denmark.
Pinhou is a village in the Montagnes District of the Bangolo Department in the Guémon Region of the Kahin-Zarabaon sub-prefecture of Ivory Coast.
Pinhou is a sub-prefecture of Kahin-Zarabaon on the Ivory Coast map.
The Yorkshire Jets were an English netball club based in Yorkshire.
The Yorkshire Jets are a rugby union team coached by Anna Carter.
The Main Building of Moscow State University is a 240 metre tall skyscraper in Moscow, Russia.
The Main Building of Moscow State University is the second largest university building in Moscow, Russia, after the Messeturm.
Franz Christian Gau was a German architect and archaeologist who was born in Cologne on 15 June 1790 and died in Paris on January, 1854.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne and died in Paris.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was an infantry regiment of the Continental Army that served from 1776 to 1777.
This is a list of officers of the 7th Maryland Regiment who served between 1776 and 1783.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a government-owned medical school established in 2013.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a medical college in Bangladesh.
Carla Juri is a Swiss actress, born January 2, 1985.
Carla Juri was born in 1985.
Urumqi Air is a low-cost airline headquartered in Ürümqi, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
Urumqi Air was an airline headquartered in Ürümqi.
Mohamad Issack, known professionally as Isaq, is an Indian film producer, director and writer who works in Tamil cinema for Kollywood.
Agadam is a film written, produced and directed by Mohamad Issack.
Varano Borghi is a municipality in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy.
Varano Borghi is a comune in Lombardy, with a population of 3.3.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian ambassador to Tokyo until his death.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian politician born in Iași, Moldavia, and died in Tokyo in December 1917.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian ambassador to Tokyo until his death.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian politician born in Iași, Moldavia, and died in Tokyo, Japan, in December 1917.
Harlow Town Railway Station is a railway station in the Harlow district of Essex, England, on the West Anglia Main Line.
Harlow Town Railway Station is a railway station in the Harlow district, on the West Anglia Main Line since 1842.
Rose Eliza Beeson and Walter Thomas Beeson were the parents of three children born on 10 February 1889 in Oxford.
Cyril Beeson was born in Oxford in 1889 and died in 1975.
Marion McCorry was an American film and television actress, born October 10, 1945.
Marion McCorry was born in 1945.
Sumiko Sakamoto was born on November 26, 1936 in Osaka, Japan.
Sumiko Sakamoto is a journalist from Japan.
Victor Valley High School is a public high school located in Victorville, California, United States.
This is a list of years completed by Victor Valley High School.
The Kearns-Saint Ann School was founded in 1899 in the U.S. state of Utah.
Kearns-Saint Ann Catholic School was founded in 1899 in the U.S. state of Utah.
Manning Island is an island in Antarctica.
Manning Island is an island in Antarctica.
Callum Hawkins is a British marathon runner, born 22 June 1992.
Callum Hawkins is a British actor.
Callum Hawkins is a British distance runner who competed in the marathon at the 2016 Summer Olympics, having been born on 22 June 1992.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer from Elderslie who plays for Butler University.
He is an award-winning athlete in mechanical engineering who is a graduate of Butler University and a former AlmaMater of the University of the West of Scotland.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer from Elderslie who plays for Butler University and the University of the West of Scotland.
Jalal Khoury was a comedian, playwright, theatre director and artistic editor born in Beirut on 28 May 1933 and died on 3 December 2017.
Jalal Khoury was born in Beirut.
Ramiro was a Spanish nobleman born in Oviedo and buried in his palace on Mount Naranco, near the Cathedral of San Salvador, Oviedo, and his wife Paterna, in the Pantheon of Asturian Kings in Oviedo on 1 February 850.
Ramiro I of Asturias was born in Oviedo and died in Oviedo with his wife Paterna.
Vorpostenboot was a Norwegian naval battle during World War II, fought at Skaggerak off Justy against the Bristol Beaufighter aircraft of 404 Squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force.
List of shipwrecks in October 1944 by Vorpostenboot.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II, also known as John-Chrysostome Brauneis II, was a Canadian organist, composer and music educator, born 26 January 1814 in Quebec City and died 11 August 1871 in Montreal.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II died in Montreal.
Zerre is the second album by Replikas, released on Peyote Music in November, 2008.
Zerre is a studio album by Replikas for Peyote.
Benjamin Brooks Thomas was an American lawyer and executive who worked for Harper & Row from November 28, 1931 until his death on February 5, 2010.
Brooks Thomas was born in 1931 and died in 2010.
Small Town Sheriff is a silent animated short subject produced by Paul Terry for the Aesop's Fables film series by Fables Studios.
Small Town Sheriff is a television series produced by Paul Terry for Fables Studios.
Sylvia Morales was a Mexican-American film director, writer, producer, editor, and producer from Phoenix, Arizona, best known for establishing a Latino cinema in the early 1950s.
Sylvia Morales is a graduate student of Mexican-American origin at UCLA.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American actress who studied film at UCLA and is of Mexican-American origin and has been an actress since 1971.
Sylvia Morales received the Rockefeller Fellowship Award in Media at the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women.
The following is a list of albums by American singer and guitarist Carolyn, released by Reunion Records since 1995.
Carolyn Arends is a singer-songwriter who has recorded for Reunion Records and Signpost Music since 1995.
"DiPROMiSE" is a farewell song recorded by French electronic music duo Pour Lui, released as a single by the band BIS in 2009 and as a solo album by Pour Lui in 2018.
Pour Lui is a musical artist and a member of the band BIS since 2009.
Abdul Satar Sirat is a politician from Afghanistan, born in 2001.
Abdul Satar Sirat is a politician from Afghanistan.
Keydan, also known as Keydn, Kheydn or Khaidn, is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran with a population of 909.
Keydan is a village in Iran with a population of 909.
Kadir Caidi is a footballer from Romagna, born in Ravenna, where he played for A.C. Cesena and Nebil.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna.
Universal Engineering College is a private engineering college in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur District, Kerala, India.
Universal Engineering College is an engineering college located in Irinjalakuda, Kerala, India.
Gerran Lyn Howell, born 25 February 1991, is a Welsh actor, writer and director, best known for his role as Vladimir Dracula in the CBBC television series from 2006.
Gerran Lyn Howell, known professionally as Gerran Howell, was born in Wales in 1991 and has been a professional footballer since 2006.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute and village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an Iranian agricultural research institute.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is a 14-hectare agricultural institute located in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is one of fourteen agricultural institutes in Iran.
Alberto Sordi was an Italian actor, singer, comedian, composer, screenwriter, director and voice actor born June 15, 1920 and died February 24, 2003.
Alberto Sordi was a painter born in Rome in 1920 and died in Rome in 2003.
Gastone Moschin was born in 1929.
Gastone Moschin was an Italian stage, television and film actor born 8 June 1929 and died 4 September 2017.
Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, constructed in 1980.
Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, built in 1980.
The BMW 1 Series is a series of subcompact executive cars produced by BMW since 2004 under the C-segment name.
The BMW 1 Series is a series of luxury cars produced by BMW.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu, also known as Mazra ‘ Eh-ye Psh or Psh, is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu is a village in Iran with a population of 43.
Petralia Sottana is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in Sicily, Italy.
Petralia Sottana is a comune in Sicily, Italy.
Fort Portal Hospital, also known as Regional Referral Hospitals, is a public hospital owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health.
Fort Portal Hospital is a hospital in Uganda.
Carlo Broglia was the Archbishop of Turin from 16 September 1552 in Chieri, Italy, and Archbishop of Turin from 20 November 1592 until his death during the pontificate of Pope Clement VIII.
Carlo Broglia, Archbishop of Turin was born in Chieri and died in Italy.
The Shakshuka System is a 2008 Israeli documentary film written and directed by investigative journalist Mickey Rosenthal and cinematography by Ilan Abudi in Hebrew.
The Shakshuka System is a Hebrew-language film written, directed and produced by Ilan Abudi, with cinematography by Abudi.
Dinghurst Fort is an Iron Age univallate hillfort settlement in Churchill, Somerset, England.
Dinghurst Fort is a fort in Somerset.
In Welsh mythology, the Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a magical cauldron believed to revive the dead according to the Mabinogi's second branch of literature.
Pair Dadeni, The Cauldron of Rebirth.
The Cauldron of Rebirth is the name of a band owned by Bendigeidfran and Efnisien.
The Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a magical cauldron in Welsh mythology and literature, known to revive the dead.
Pair Dadeni is a religious order of Matholwch known for its efforts to restore the dead to life.
Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a Welsh equestrian team affiliated with Efnisien, Matholwch and Bendigeidfran.
Yamakawa Kikue and Itou Noe were the first female literary magazine in Japan and were known for their debate on the abolition of prostitution in 1915 and 1916.
Yamakawa Kikue is a Japanese surname.
Yamakawa Kikue, also known as Joshi Eigaku Juku or TsudaJuku University, was a private women's college in Tokyo, established in 1908 as the Alma Mater of Yamakawa Kikue.
Yamakawa Kikue was a Japanese politician born and raised in Tokyo.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian handball player who plays for PIF since 21 February 1993.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian politician.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in Poland.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in Poland.
The 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season was the fifth year head coach of the Duke Blue Devils football team at Wallace Wade Stadium.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team played its home games at Wallace Wade Stadium.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Atlantic Coast Conference Blue Devils at Wallace Wade Stadium.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team competed as the Duke Blue Devils in the Coastal Division and Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an unpaved airfield in Kirchzarten, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an airfield in Kirchzarten, a suburb of Freiburg, Germany.
Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1933.
Rafael Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1973.
Petru Poni was a Moldavian-Romanian chemist and mineralogist born 4 January 1841 and died 2 April 1925.
Petru Poni was a Romanian politician born in Săcărești in 1841 and died in Iași in 1925.
Brooke Langton was an American actress born November 27, 1970.
Brooke Langton was born in Arizona in 1970 and began her political career in 1992.
Giovanni De Agostini was an important geographer of Rome, Italy, and one of the founders of ITS in 1901.
De Agostini was founded in 1901.
The Roncesvalles Pass, also known as the Ronceval Pass or Roncevaux Pass, is a 1057 m high mountain pass in the Pyrenees region of Spain.
The Roncevaux Pass, also known as the Pass of Roncesvalles or the Roncesvalles Pass, is a mountain pass in Spain.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument, also known as D-SHAY, is a National Park Service monument in the Navajo Nation and Four Corners region of Arizona, established April 1, 1931.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is a national monument located in the U.S. state of Arizona.
Tabayin Township is a township in Shwebo District in the Sagaing Division of Burma.
Tabayin Township is a township on the Pushpin Map of Burma.
The S. Curtis Smith House is a 2-1/2 story wood frame historic house, one of Newton's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses, built c. 1883 at 56 Fairmont Avenue.
The S. Curtis Smith House was built in 1883.
Yves Mondesir, better known by his stage name DJ Whoo Kid, is an American–Haitian DJ born October 12, 1975.
DJ Whoo Kid is a DJ and musical artist associated with the bands G-Unit and DJ Whoo Kid.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town near Düsseldorf.
Paul Joseph Goebbels, known as Joseph Goebbels, was the first Chancellor of Germany from Rheydt.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town near Düsseldorf.
Joseph Goebbels, born Paul Joseph Goebbels in Rheydt and died in Berlin as Chancellor of Germany.
The Normals are an American girl group that has released three albums and received two GMA Dove Award nominations since 2002 and is owned by ForeFront Records.
This is a list of albums released by The Normals between 1998 and 2002.
Wildparkstadion is a football stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Wildparkstadion is a stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Sorkh Geriveh, also known as Sorkh Chr, Sorkh Geryeh, Sorkh Gerveh, Sorkh Chr or Surkhchari, is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Sorkh Geriveh is a village on the Iranian pushpin map.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh, also known as eydarbd-e Meyheh, is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran with a population of 181.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh is a village in Iran with a population of 181.
Ben T. Reyes was a Mexican American who was born on February 16, 1947, in Burton, Texas, to a laborer father in Denver Harbor, Houston.
Ben Reyes is a Houston, Texas native.
Claudia Romani was born April 14, 1982 in L'Aquila, Italy.
Claudia Romani is an Italian model from L'Aquila, Italy.
Great Central Mines Limited was formed on 19 December 1996 from Great Central Mines NL.
Great Central Mines was the predecessor to Great Central Mines NL.
The Grosser Sprint-Preis was a sprint triathlon race in Group 3 held in Baden-Baden in 1998, which was renamed the Badener Sprint-Cup.
The Badener Sprint-Cup was a men's sprint triathlon competition in Group 3 held in Baden-Baden, Germany.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla, also known as Kaleh Qaţr, Kal-e Qaţr-e Soflá or Kaleh Qaţr, is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, Zagros District, Chardavol County, Ilam Province, Iran.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
"Wind of Time" is the Pop Version of the song Tears in Heaven.
"Wind of Time" is a song by Loona, released as the Pop Version of "Tears in Heaven" and "If Only".
Michael Berenbaum, born July 31, 1945, in Newark, New Jersey, is an American scholar, writer, professor, filmmaker, and rabbi of the Holocaust.
Michael Berenbaum was a Jew born in 1945.
Padiham, also known as PAD-i-M, is a small town and civil parish on the River Calder in Lancashire, England.
Padiham is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 20.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Iran with a population of 20.
Watkins was an Oxfordshire and Oxfordshire schoolboy, educated in the natural sciences at Abingdon School and Durham University.
Nathaniel Watkins was born in Oxford and Oxfordshire.
Vaikule was born on 31 March 1954 in Csis, Latvia.
Laima Vaikule was an actress from Csis, Latvia, born in 1954.
Guillaume-Nicolas-Louis Leclercq, known as Salomone Leclercq, was a French Roman Catholic nobleman born 15 November 1745 and died 2 September 1792.
Salomone Leclercq was born in 1745 and died in Paris in 1792.
The Al-Bab District is a district in the Aleppo Governorate of Syria.
Al-Bab District.
Caeciliusetae is a subfamily of flies in the order Psocoptera and suborder Psocomorpha.
Caeciliusetae is a subfamily of flies in the order Psocoptera and suborder Psocomorpha.
Pocci was a German composer, poet, dramatist, painter and director of the Munich Marionette Theatre, best known for his 45 original works, including the Punch and Judy Show.
Franz Graf von Pocci, known as Count Franz Pocci, was a German nobleman, born in Munich and influenced by Kasperl.
Khandoli Dam, also known as , is a dam in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
Khandoli Dam is a dam in Giridih, Jharkhand, India.
Aghjeh, also known as ghjeh, is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh County, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 284 people.
Aghjeh is a village in Iran with a population of 284 people.
The Jerusalem Lions fought before the Jerusalem Kings.
This is a list of Jerusalem Kings.
Mount Keltie is a mountain in the Conway Range, Antarctica, rising to 2,640 metres.
Mount Keltie is a mountain in Antarctica.
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball is a Southwestern Athletic Conference men's basketball team based in Itta Bena, Mississippi at the Harrison HPER Complex.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball program in the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Roberto Car, born 3 January 1947 in Trieste, is an Italian physicist working in molecular dynamics.
Roberto Car was born in Trieste.
An Account of the Life of Ubbo Emmius is a 1638 work by Nicolaus Mulerius, published in Groningen after his death in 1630.
Nicolaus Mulerius was born in Bruges and died in Groningen.
Old Pike Inn is a two-story brick historic inn and tavern in New Albany, Floyd County, Indiana.
The Old Pike Inn was built in 1840.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Canadian cricketer who is known for picking up his maiden fifer in ODI history at the age of 39 years and 256 days for Canada.
Sunil Dhaniram is a politician from Guyana, now living in Canada.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic home built in 1870 in Jerusalem, Yates County, New York.
The Sill Tenant House was built in 1870.
The Eide Church is a Norwegian church.
The Eide Church is the parish church of the Church of Norway in Hustadvika Municipality in Mre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Hy Gotkin was a Jewish basketball player who played for Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn from 1942 to 1944 and for St. John's University from 1944 to 1945 and won two National Invitational Tournament ( NIT ) championships.
Hy Gotkin was a Brooklyn-born artist active from 1944 until his death.
Hyman  Hy '' Gotkin was an American-Jewish professional basketball player who attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn from August 16, 1922 until his death on April 11, 2004.
Hy Gotkin was an American painter born in Brooklyn in 1944.
Qareh Bater, also known as Qareh Bţer, is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 144.
Qareh Bater is a village in Iran with a population of 144.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft, also known as Deschimag, was a cooperation between the Bremen-based shipbuilder AG Weser and its subsidiaries.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau was a shipbuilding company founded in Bremen, Germany in 1926.
Naathan Phan is a Vietnamese-American magician, singer, comedian, actor, and internet personality born August 20, 1988.
Naathan Phan was born in 1988.
Veliki Kozjak or Kozjak is a mountain cliff in Dalmatian Zagora, Croatia.
Veliki Kozjak is a village in Croatia.
Jean Courtecuisse was a French theologian and bishop of Le Mans and Geneva from 1350 until his death on 4 March 1423.
Jean Courtecuisse died in Geneva.
The Mahindra Thar is an SUV and off-road Jeep CJ produced by Indian automaker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd.
The Mahindra Thar is an SUV.
Humberto Martins Duarte was a Brazilian actor born on 14 April 1961.
Humberto Martins, born Humberto Martins Duarte in 1961.
Tatjana Weintraub née Tatjana Wood is an American comic book colorist and artist from Darmstadt, Germany.
Tatjana Wood, born Tatjana Weintraub in Darmstadt, Germany.
SNOasis is a new ski centre in Great Blakenham, built in 2004.
SnOasis is a leisure centre in Great Blakenham, Suffolk.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in north-western France.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in France.
The 11th Street Bridge is a bridge over the Arkansas River in Tulsa, Oklahoma, constructed in 1915.
The 11th Street Bridge was constructed in 1915.
The Petrinum was a Latin school founded in Dorsten in 1642 by the Franciscan Order of the Westphalian, founded in 1488.
The Gymnasium Petrinum Dorsten was founded in Dorsten in 1642.
Roger Mathey is an American actor, playwright, producer, filmmaker, and theatrical director who has directed plays in Los Angeles, Denver, Bakersfield, San Francisco, and Orange County.
Roger Mathey is a photographer living in California.
Amtrak opened in 1994.
Camarillo Station is an Amtrak station that opened in 1994, serving the Amtrak Railroad Line.
Ada Annie Rae-Arthur, also known as Cougar Annie and Ada Annie Lawson, was a pioneer on the west coast of Vancouver Island, Canada, in Hesquiat Harbour and Clayoquot Sound from June 19, 1888 until her death on April 28, 1985.
Cougar Annie died in 1985.
Richard John Spare, born Richard John Spare in 1951, is a British artist known for his drypoints, etchings and oil paintings.
Richard John Spare, known professionally as Richard Spare, was a British architect.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Bonthorpe is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England.
Portland Plaza is a mixed-use development that was designed by DMJM in 1973.
Portland Plaza is a mixed-use development by DMJM.
Walker was the first Australian Ambassador to France in Paris in 1959.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Australia and died in Paris.
Walker was President of the Council from June 1956 to June 1957.
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by Edward Ronald Walker between June 1956 and June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker, born Ronald Walker on 26 January 1907, was an Australian economist, diplomat and ambassador to France, Germany, Japan and the United Nations from 26 January 1907 until his death on 28 November 1988.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Cobar, Australia in 1907 and died in Paris, France in 1988, having been a University of Sydney alumnus and the husband of Louise Clementine Donckers.
Bouly de Lesdain was the husband of American explorer Martha Mailey who died in 1975.
Jacques Bouly de Lesdain was a French nobleman born in Dunkirk in 1880 and married Martha Mailey in 1975.
Rocchetta Belbo is an Italian municipality in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont.
Rocchetta Belbo is a comune in Piedmont.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila in 1647.
Domingo de Valencia was a Filipino politician born in Manila.
Ron Caragher is the fourth-year head coach of the 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team, which competed in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season at Spartan Stadium.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team played two home games and one road game against the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team is a men's college football program affiliated with San Jose State University, coached by fourth-year head coach Ron Caragher at Spartan Stadium and competes in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season in the West Division of the Mountain West Conference.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team competed in the West Division of the Mountain West Conference.
The registered office of ELSTAT, located in Piraeus, is one of the 50 Regional Statistical Offices and a Central Office of ELSTAT in Greece.
The Hellenic Statistical Authority is the statistical authority headquartered in Piraeus, Greece.
Edward Hospital & Health Services, also known as Edward or Edward Hospital Services Corporation, is a major healthcare provide in suburban Naperville, DuPage County, Illinois.
Edward Hospital was an Illinois hospital that opened in 1907.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 is a server operating system released by Microsoft on November 27, 2012.
Windows MultiPoint Server is a server operating system developed by Microsoft.
He was born in Nantwich and died in Leicester.
Frederick Hassall was born in Nantwich and died in Leicestershire.
Alpha Leporis is an F0 IB, a lower luminosity supergiant star.
Alpha Leporis is a F0 IB.
Gregory Porter is an American singer, songwriter, and actor born November 4, 1971.
This is a list of awards and nominations received by American jazz songwriter and actor Gregory Porter.
FC Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian futsal club based in Donetsk.
FC Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian football club based in Donetsk.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist, winner in the 2005 Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition.
Lynette Washington is a jazz singer.
Leiren, Leira or Leira is a village and municipality in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county, Norway.
Leiren or Leira is a municipality in Nordland, Norway.
She was the first ever Philippine candidate to the Miss Earth pageant to become a finalist, and was one of the Top 8 Finalists in the Grand Coronation Night on October 24, 2004 in Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Szijarto is a singer from Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, known professionally as Tamera Szijarto, is a Hungarian - Filipino beauty queen and entrepreneur from the Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, better known by her stage name Tamera Szijarto, is a former Miss Philippines Earth 2004 from Manila, Philippines.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station built in 1891 by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is an RNLI lifeboat station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Pensacola, Florida.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Florida.
Motion Blur, also known as Motion Blur Game Studio, is a computer game developer based in Ataşehir, Istanbul, founded in 2004.
Motion Blur was founded in 2004 in Ataşehir.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg, Count of Neuchâtel and Lord of Badenweiler from 1454 until his death, son of Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne from 1487 until his death on 9 September 1503.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Count of Neuchâtel from 1454 until his death on 9 September 1503, the son of Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier with his wife Maria of Savoy.
Chobepur is a suburb of Kanpur, India with a population of 2000.
Naramau is a suburb of Mumbai, India.
Charles Sellier was an American novelist, screenwriter, television producer, and director, best known for creating the American book and television series from November 9, 1943 until January 31, 2011.
Charles Sellier was born in 1943 and died in 2011.
Ruan Yang, also known as, is a Chinese footballer who plays for Kunshan FC in China League Two, born 13 December 1993 in Hangzhou, China.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou.
Zaven Andriasian, also known as Andriasyan, was an Armenian chess Grandmaster born March 11, 1989 in Yerevan and a World Junior Chess Champion.
Zaven Andriasian was born in Yerevan.
The Fukagawa Route, also known as Route 9, is a 5.3-kilometer tolled route of the Shuto Expressway system in the Greater Tokyo Area, beginning in the Tokyo ward of Ch and ending in the ward of Kt.
The Fukagawa Route is a train line from Kt to Fukagawa.
Javanfekr is the President's Advisor of Press Affairs of the Iran Press and Cultural Institute of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Organization, IRNA, since 27 February 2012.
Ali Akbar Javanfekr was a journalist from Tehran, Iran, who spent most of his adult life as a correspondent for the Iranian news agency IRNA.
Sporobolomyces is a fungal genus in the family Sporidiobolales.
Sporobolomyces is a genus of fungi in the order Sporidiobolales, subdivided into species.
Barnes was a botanist who collected specimens of lichen for the Dublin Naturalists'Field Club in 1913.
Eileen Barnes was an Irish actress born and raised in Dublin.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a commercial bank based in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a bank in Shenzhen.
Babacar Ba was a Senegalese politician born in Kaolack on June 14, 1930 and died on December 13, 2006.
Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack.
Otoyol 7, also known as Motorway 7, Northern Marmara Motorway and O-7, is a toll motorway in Istanbul.
Otoyol 7 is a bus line between Istanbul and Akyaz.
Sulichay, also known as Slchy, is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.
Sulichay is a village in Iran with 107 inhabitants.
"Annoying" is a single released by Finnish girl group Ronya in 2011 on YleX radio station in Siuntio.
Ronya is a Finnish-Finnish actress, born in Siuntio in 2011.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow, Scotland, served by Abellio ScotRail on the Argyle Line between Glasgow Central and Bridgeton.
Bridgeton Railway Station is a railway station in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton Railway Station was a railway station in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow, opened in 1895.
The Line between Glasgow Green and Rutherglen was a line built by the Glasgow Central Railway between Bridgeton Cross Station and Rutherglen in 1895.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrb, within Radomsko County, ód Voivodeship, in Poland.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a politician from Poland.
The Shahbag is a defunct hotel in the neighbourhood of Shahbag, known for being once the biggest hotel in Dhaka.
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University is a medical university located in Shahbag, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Saraukhola is a village development committee of Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of Nepal with a total population of 2457.
Saraukhola is a village in Nepal with a population of 2457.
David Harutyunyan, known as Davit Harutyunyan, is an Armenian politician born March 5, 1963 in Yerevan and served as deputy Minister of Justice from 1997 to 1998.
Davit Harutyunyan is a minister of justice from Yerevan, Armenia.
Ciudad Nueva is a sector of the city of Santo Domingo in the Distrito Nacional district of the Dominican Republic.
This is a pushpin map of Ciudad Nueva, Dominican Republic.
39 % of the students at the University of Tulsa are from Oklahoma.
This is a list of alumni of the University of Tulsa.
He was born in Khammam, Andhra Pradesh in Telangana, India.
Srinivasa Reddy is a politician from Khammam, Telangana, who started his political career in 2001.
The Sheepdogs are touring performers in the USA, UK, Canada, Eastern and Western Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
The Sheepdogs are a hockey team from Canada.
The Sheepdogs is the first album by the Canadian rock band The Sheepdogs, recorded at Cosmic Pad Studios in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, in 2006.
The Sheepdogs are a Canadian rock band from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, whose first album, Feeling Good, was released in 2006.
He is a politician belonging to Indian National Congress ( INC ).
N. Y. Hanumanthappa was born in Chitradurga, Karnataka.
Victor Dourlen was a French composer from Dunkerque, who studied with Charles-Simon Catel, François-Joseph Gossec, Benoit Mozin and Charles-Simon Catel at the Paris Conservatory from 1799 to 1799.
Victor Dourlen died in Paris.
"Your Mirror" is a song written by Mick Hucknall and released by the British soul and pop band Simply Red in July 1992.
"Your Mirror" is a song released in July 1992.
Benguet State University is a state university located in La Trinidad, Benguet, Philippines.
Benguet State University is a public university in Benguet, Philippines.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was a battle fought on September 20, 1836, during the First Carlist War.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was fought in Villarrobledo.
Francis Theodore Page Burt, 27th Chief Justice of Western Australia, 11th Governor of Western Australia, born 14 June 1918, died 8 September 2004.
Francis Theodore Page Burt, known as Francis Burt, was an Australian politician who served as the 11th Governor of Western Australia and Chief Justice of Western Australia.
Thor Breien was a Norwegian judge who was born on 9 February 1899.
Thor Breien was a Norwegian painter born in 1899.
He died on 9 April 1984 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Randal Woollatt was born in Claygate, Surrey and died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College, commonly known as S6C, is an English free school sixth form based in Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College is a sixth form college founded in 2014 in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Joan Carson was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland from 29 January 1935 until her death.
Joan Carson is a Northern Ireland politician from Enniskillen.
The Liverbirds were an English all-female rock band based in Liverpool from 1963 to 1968.
The Liverbirds were a professional football team based in Liverpool from 1963 until 1968.
Ma Qi was the son of Ma Zhongying and died on 5 August 1931 in Xining, Qinghai, China.
Ma Qi was born in Gansu and died in Xining, Qinghai and Qinghai.
A Weatherboard Signal Box was a signal box constructed in 1887 and owned by RailCorp.
Albion Park Railway Station is an Australian railway station, opened in 1887 and operated by NSW TrainLink, now owned by RailCorp.
Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust is the governing body of the temple, a Kerala Vasthu Vidya.
The Palkulangara Devi Temple is a Hindu temple located at Palkulangara in Kerala, India, under the governing body of the Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
He was the Liberal candidate for the new Jasper—Edson electoral district, challenging incumbent Member of Parliament and Alberta Premier Charles Stewart.
Walter Frederick Kuhl was an Alberta teacher from Jasper—Edson.
She was born in the village of Gariffa on the banks of the Hooghly River in 1791 and settled in Kolkata.
Ramkamal Sen was born in Gariffa and died in Kolkata.
Augustusburg is a town in the Mittelsachsen district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Augustusburg is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen in Germany.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is an all-through school in Sheffield and Attercliffe, South Yorkshire, England.
Oasis Academy Don Valley was founded in 2015 in Sheffield, England.
Abraham Vanderveer was a U.S. Representative from New York from 1781 until his death on July 21, 1839.
Abraham Vanderveer died in Brooklyn, New York.
She was born in Inzell in Bavaria and studied under Johann Ernst Eberlin in Salzburg.
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser was born in Inzell and died in Salzburg.
SC 322 is a county road in York County, located in the town of Pinckneyville at the junction with SC 49 ( Lockhart Road ).
South Carolina Highway 322 is a state highway in York, SC.
South Carolina Highway 322, also known as SC 322, is a 44417-mile state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
South Carolina Highway 322 is a state highway in McConnells, SC.
The Duke Robillard Band was a band led by Duke Robillard, who was a member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds from 1981 until his departure from Rounder Records.
Duke Robillard was a blues guitarist active from 1967 to 1990.
Clovis West High School is a public high school in Clovis, California, founded in 1976 and known for being ranked 206th in the state of California.
Clovis West High School is a public high school in Clovis, California, founded in 1976.
Kaj Skagen was a Norwegian writer born on October 23, 1949 in Strandebarm.
Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in Lower Austria.
Hainburg an der Donau is an Austrian municipality.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh is a political party based in Namchi, Sikkim, founded in 2015 with unit offices in almost all the regions of Sikkim.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh is a political party based in Namchi, Sikkim, India.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was the 33rd staging of African's premier club volleyball competition, held in Sousse, Tunisia, from 20–29 March.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was held in Sousse, Tunisia.
The Fletcher Peninsula is a broad ice-covered peninsula in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica.
This is a list of glaciers on the Fletcher Peninsula in Antarctica.
Isuzu Philippines Corporation is a manufacturing company based in Laguna Technopark in Bian, Laguna since 1995.
Isuzu Philippines is a bus manufacturing company based in Bian, Philippines, founded in 1995.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar or Chh-e Amq eşr is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar is a village in Iran.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys, also known as Rebd-e Re Veys or Re Veys, is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran with a population of 180.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys is a village in Iran with 180 inhabitants.
Sibille Attar is a French-Swedish singer, songwriter and producer, born 27 November 1981 in rebro, Sweden.
Sibille Attar, better known by his stage name Little Red Corvette, is a singer from rebro, Sweden, born in 2001.
AMA Computer University, also known as AMA University, is the first such university in the Philippines and in Asia.
AMA Computer University is a computer university owned by the AMA Group of Companies in the Philippines.
James Robson Douglas was Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia from January 21, 1925 until his death in 1934, the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia after MacCallum Grant.
James Robson Douglas was the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
Sanski Most is a town and municipality in the Una-Sana Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sanski Most is a village on the PushpinMap of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Games-X was a multi-format weekly computer and video game magazine published by Europress in the United Kingdom since May 1991.
Games-X is a magazine published by Europress in the United Kingdom.
StarHotels is a privately owned hotel chain headquartered in Florence, with 23 hotels in Italy, three in London, Paris and New York City.
Starhotels is a chain of hotels in Florence, Italy, founded in 1980.
Grlom u Jagode, also known as The Unpicked Strawberries, is a 1975 Yugoslavian TV series written by Karanovi and Rajko Grli and directed by рлом у аоде.
Grlom u Jagode is a play written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi.
Carl Atwood Wiley was an American mathematician and engineer born December 30, 1918, and died April 21, 1985.
Carl A. Wiley was born in 1918 and died in 1985.
Bandudato is a town with a population of 1426 and a population/area of 30.65.
Bandudato is a village of Aileu with a population of 1426 and a population/area of 30.65.
Bulla Regia is a town in Jendouba, Tunisia.
Bulla Regia is a region in Tunisia.
La 78 is a railroad line between Parlange and Livonia at the junction of La 1 and LA-US 190.
Louisiana Highway 78 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Louisiana, connecting Frisco, Parlange, and Livonia.
Torynorrhina flammea is a species of beetle in the family Cetoniinae and Scarabaeidae.
Torynorrhina flammea is a genus of moths in the family Cetoniinae and Scarabaeidae.
Miss Model of the World was an international model contest held in Istanbul, Turkey, in 1988, which saw 42 countries compete for the title of Miss Model of the World.
Miss Model of the World was a beauty pageant held in Istanbul, Turkey.
Loango National Park is a 1550 hectare national park in Gabon, home to a large number of animals, including buffalos, gorillas, leopards, elephants and extensive panoramas.
Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon.
NeMO Link is a 9000 km submarine cable in Belgium.
NeMO Link is a submarine cable in Belgium.
Blackpool Transport Services Ltd., known as BTS, is a bus and tram operator based in Blackpool and Fylde and is owned by Blackpool Borough Council.
Blackpool Transport is a transport company owned by Blackpool Borough Council.
Rudbari Konar, also known as Rdbr Konr or Rdbr Konr, is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran with a population of 234 people.
Rudbari Konar is a village in Iran with a population of 234 people.
Romeo Island is a rocky island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Romeo Island is an island in Antarctica.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta.
Mount Solomons is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the U.S. state of California.
Mount Solomons is a mountain in California.
The Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority, also known as Rock Region Metro or Rock Region METRO, is a transit agency in Arkansas.
Rock Region Metro is a light rail system operated by the Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority.
The largest youth debate union in western Canada is owned by William Aberhart High School.
William Aberhart High School is located at 3009 Morley Trail NW, Canada.
Alto Pelado is a municipality and village in the San Luis Province of Argentina.
Alto Pelado is a municipality in Argentina.
Carla Maria Victoria Angelina Teresa Apollonia Lozupone Tortelli LeBec, known professionally as Carla Tortelli, is a fictional waitress on the American television show Carla Tortelli, starring Rhea Perlman.
Carla Tortelli is an American actress from the television series Cheers.
Tommy Hill is a British motorcycle road racer born on 9 February 1985 in Beckenham, Kent.
Tommy Hill was born in Kent.
The Image of William Barak is an 85-foot-tall sculpture installed on the facade of an apartment building in Swanston Square, Melbourne, Australia, in 2015.
William Barak was born in Australia and died in Coranderrk.
The municipality has a population of 69 and a population/area of 14.93 as of 28 August 2006.
Olbramov is a village with 69 inhabitants and a population/area of 14.93 in the Czech Republic.
Zhovkva Raion is a raion in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.
Zhovkva Raion is a city in Ukraine.
William Friese-Greene was an English professional photographer and inventor, born 7 September 1855 and died 5 May 1921 at the home of his father, William Edward Green.
William Friese-Greene was born in Bristol in 1855 and died in London in 1921.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson, known professionally as Matty Rich, was a film director, screenwriter, and video game executive born November 26, 1971 in Brooklyn, New York City.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson, known professionally as Matty Rich, was born in 1971.
Alfred Flores, husband of Ester Duenas Flores, died in his home in Malojloj, Guam, on February 6, 2009.
Alfred Flores, born Alfred San Nicolas Flores in 1916 in Inarajan, died in 2009 in Malojloj, Guam.
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label based in Genoa, founded in 1990 by British progressive rock act Black Widow.
Black Widow Records is a record label based in Genoa since 1990.
The Frank Oppenheimer Fellowship Fund is a fund known for supporting the Exploratorium.
Frank Oppenheimer, born Frank Friedman Oppenheimer, was a prominent figure in McCarthyism and the Exploratorium.
Isaac Hardenbergh House, also known as The Hardenbergh Manor, is a historic home in Roxbury, Delaware County, New York, United States.
The Isaac Hardenbergh House was built in 1790.
URL Badman is an EP released on 13 July 2014 by Parlophone.
URL Badman is an album released on the Parlophone label.
The Special Presidential Division, officially known as the French Division Spéciale Présidentielle or simply DSP, is an elite military force led by Zairian President Mobutu Sese Seko since its creation in 1985.
The Special Presidential Division was a military force active from 1985 to 1997.
Johann August Röbling, known as John Augustus Roebling, was a German-born American civil engineer born June 12, 1806 and died July 22, 1869.
Johann August Röbling, known as John A. Roebling, was born in 1806 and died in 1869.
Sphinctospermum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Faboideae and Fabaceae.
Sphinctospermum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae, subfamily Faboideae.
Theloderma licin, the Smooth Frog, is a species of frog in the genus Theloderma found in peninsular Malaysia and southern Thailand.
Theloderma licin is a genus of frogs in the genus Theloderma.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was a politician from Ferreafe in the Lambayeque Region of Peru, born 16 June 1862 and died 28 October 1930.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born in Ferreafe.
Hefei Urban Rail Transit, also known as Hefei Metro, is a rapid transit system in Hefei, China.
The Hefei Metro is a high-speed rail system in Hefei, China, which opened in 2016.
Anton Lindfors is a Finnish snowboarder who competed in snowboard cross since 22 April 1991 in Porvoo.
Anton Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland.
Makhtumkuli Avenue, also known as Magtymguly Avenue, is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Makhtumkuli Avenue is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers, also known as the NJFF, is a Norwegian-language organization for hunters and sport fishers.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers, also known as the NJFF, is a Norwegian fishing organisation.
The Lindi Region is an administrative region of Tanzania.
This is a list of schools in the Lindi Region of Tanzania.
First of These Displays was the only remaining fighter station at RAF Coleby Grange in Lincolnshire, and was pushed onto the map in September 1946.
This is a map of RAF Coleby Grange, Lincolnshire.
Samuel Ayscough was a student at the Free Grammar School in Nottingham in 1745.
Samuel Ayscough was a British painter, born in 1745 and died in 1804.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani or Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjn is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani is a village in Iran.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a lightweight, all-composite, highly efficient four-seat aircraft built by the Slovenian company Pipistrel.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a motorcycle built by Pipistrel.
James Ferguson Dowdell, known as Auburn University, was a U.S. Representative from Alabama from November 26, 1818 to September 6, 1871, and the second President of East Alabama College from 1868 to 1870.
James Ferguson Dowdell was an early settler in Alabama.
Peter Paul Anatol Lieven was born in London in 1960.
Anatol Lieven was born in London.
Mathias Fink was a French physicist born in Grenoble in 1945 and a professor at ESPCI Paris, a current member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Mathias Fink was a French architect, born in Grenoble.
Margaret Cynthia Field, known professionally as Virginia Field, was a British film actress from 4 November 1917 until her death on 2 January 1992.
Margaret Cynthia Field, known as Virginia Field, was born in London, England, and was the mother of Margaret Field Douglas.
Jozef Tomko was a politician from Udavské in Humenné, Czechoslovakia, born 11 March 1924.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavské.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi, also known as Hvr Kand Qeshlq, is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran with a population of 65.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi is a village in Iran with a population of 65.
Jacques Vivier was a French road bicycle racer born on 9 October 1930 in Mareuil-sur-Bel and active from 1951 to 1957.
Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel.
Eric Kupper is an American-French DJ, record producer, arranger, songwriter, keyboardist and remix artist.
Eric Kupper is a DJ.
Red Marauder was a racehorse owned by Sunderland horse owner Norman Mason, winner of The Grand National.
Red Marauder was a motorcycle owned by Norman Mason.
Zak Orth, born October 15, 1970, is an American actor known for his roles in the television series Melinda and Melinda, The Baxter, NYC 22, Wet Hot American Summer, Music and Lyrics, and In and Out.
Adam Zachary Orth, known professionally as Zak Orth, was born in 1970.
The Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Aventura, Florida, known as the 16th largest mall in the United States.
The Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Florida.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, also known as Youcca Troubetzkov, ри иколаеви руеко or Nicolas Barclay, was a Russian-born French-American actor who performed from 12 December 1905 to 22 April 1992.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, also known as Youcca Troubetzkov or Nicolas Barclay, was a Russian writer born in 1905 and died in 1992.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain located on the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture in Japan.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain located in Japan.
Her Last Novel is a novel by Carol Shields, winner of the 1998 Orange Prize for Fiction, the 2002 Giller Prize, the Booker Prize, the Governor General of Canada Literary Award, and the 2003 Orange Prize for Fiction.
"Unless" is a poem by Canadian poet Carol Shields, written between 1972 and 2002.
Ibaraki Station, also known as JR Kyoto Line or Tkaid Main Line, is a railway station in Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, Japan, on the JR Kyoto Line of the West Japan Railway Company.
Ibaraki Station is a station on the JR Kyoto Line opened in 1876 in Japan.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Illinois.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous rock formation.
Hopkins Cottage is a rectangular two-story three-bay cure cottage built in 1923 on Saranac Lake in Harrietstown, Franklin County, New York.
Hopkins Cottage was built in 1923.
Jane Elizabeth Randall, known professionally as Jane Elizabeth Randall, is an American fashion model from Baltimore, born August 28, 1990, best known for her participation in the fifteenth cycle of where she tied for 3rd overall.
Jane Randall, born Jane Elizabeth Randall, was a Baltimore businesswoman.
Arzo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Arzo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
"Labios Compartidos", also known as "Shared Lips", is a 2006 English single released as the lead single from Maná's seventh studio album.
Labios Compartidos is a musical by Maná.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips, better known as the father of Nigerian church music, was a Nigerian organist, conductor, composer and teacher who lived from 1884 until his death on 10 July 1969.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips was a Nigerian politician born in 1884 and died in 1969.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was an American football team at the University of California, Los Angeles under Red Sanders that won the first place in the Pacific Coast Conference during the 1955 college football season.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team represented the Pacific Coast Conference.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena was a Sri Lankan politician born on 3 September 1951 and served as the seventh President of Sri Lanka from 9 January 2015 to 18 November 2019.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena, known as Maithripala Sirisena, is the current President of Sri Lanka.
Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari and Sirisena are the parents of Chathurika, Daham, Dharani and Dharani.
Maithripala Sirisena was the President of Sri Lanka, Minister of Health, Minister of Defence, Leader of the House with his wife Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari and father of Dharani, Chathurika, Daham and Kundasale.
Jozini is an administrative area in the Umkhanyakude District of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Jozini is the local name of the Jozini Local Municipality in KwaZulu-Natal.
Longcanoe Lake is a narrow lake in the Thunder Bay District in Ontario, Canada.
Longcanoe Lake is a lake in Ontario, Canada.
Toledo 5 is the successor to WTVG.
Toledo 5 is a television station that merged into WTVG in September 2014, and is now part of the CW affiliation.
The Arvind Ghosh Memorial Lecture is an Indian Islamism lecture.
Arvind Ghosh is an Indian politician.
Arheilgen was a district of Darmstadt in Hesse, Germany, established in 1937.
Darmstadt-Arheilgen is a railway station in Darmstadt, Germany.
Abdool Raouf Bundhun was born on 14 January 1937 and served as Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007.
Raouf Bundhun is the Vice President of Mauritius.
This is a list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of California.
This is a complete list of members of the California State Senate.
Andrew Michael Edgar Seeley is a Canadian-American actor, singer, and dancer who has worked for the Walt Disney Company since April 30, 1982.
Drew Seeley was born in Toronto, Ontario, in 1982.
Henry FitzJames, Duke of Albemarle and Duke of Marlborough was a member of the Jacobite peerage from 6 August 1673 to 16 December 1702, the youngest son of King James II of England and VII of Scotland and Arabella Churchill.
Henry FitzJames was a Duke of Albemarle from Middlesex.
TT Games Limited is a British holding company of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
TT Games is a division of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
Michael Thorpe was an English-American physicist who became the Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University on March 12, 1944.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American actor.
The following is a list of the first and few bands in Bangladesh to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country.
Tanim Sufyani is a Bangladeshi singer from Bangladesh, who is associated with the bands Aurthohin and Stentorian, and is a former member of Stentorian.
The Battle of Carbisdale, also known as the Battle of Invercarron, was fought on 27 April 1650 at the Battle of Culrain, a village in Sutherland, Scotland, during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
The Battle of Carbisdale was fought between the Scottish Royalists in Sutherland and Culrain in Scotland.
ANT1 Satellite, also known as Antenna, is a Greek subscription TV channel and popular private network owned by the ANT1 Group and launched in North America in 1996.
ANT1 Satellite is a Greek satellite.
Salband, also known as Qeshlq-e Dmn or Slband, is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran with a population of 142.
Salband is a village in Iran with 142 inhabitants.
The Scandinavian Masters is an annual golf tournament on the European Tour held in Sweden.
The Scandinavian Masters is a tennis tournament held in Sweden.
Major Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset to Reverend William Tierney Elton and Lucy Caroline Elton, daughter of Sir Charles Abraham, 6th Baronet.
Frederick Cockayne Elton was born in Somerset and resting in Whitestaunton.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian water polo player who plays for AN Brescia since 24 May 1987.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian judoka.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar, also known as Tzeh Kand-e Afshr, is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar is a village in Iran with a population of 304.
Suho Memorial Paper Museum, also known as, is a Chinese-language museum about paper located in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The Suho Paper Memorial Museum is a museum located in Taipei, Taiwan.
Cuando Cubango, also known as Kwando Kubango Volupale, is an Umbundu province in Angola with a population of 534,002 and a population of 199,049.
Menongue is a district of the Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.
Cuchi, Calai, Cuangar, Menongue, Longa, Rivungo, Cuito Cuanavale, Mavinga, Nancova, and Dirico are the main districts of this province.
Cuando Cubango Province is an Angolan province consisting of eight municipalities: Calai, Cuchi, Menongue, Rivungo, Dirico, Mavinga and Cuangar.
Lij Kuh, also known as Lj Kh or Lch Kh, is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Lij Kuh is a village on the Iranian pushpin map.
Jaime Boreanaz, born Bergman on September 23, 1975, is an American actress and model who won the magazine's Playmate of the Month in January 1999.
Jaime Bergman, better known by his stage name Jaime Boreanaz, is an American singer born in 1975 in Utah.
The California Bowl was a college football postseason bowl game that featured the winningest teams from Eastern Michigan, Central Michigan, Western Michigan, Ball State, Northern Illinois, Toledo, and Miami.
The California Bowl was a college football bowl game that featured the winning teams of Central Michigan, San Jose State, Fresno State, Miami, UNLV, Cal State Fullerton, Toledo, and Cal State Fullerton.
Zhao Jiande, also known as, was the last king of the Chinese kingdom of Nanyue from? until 111 BC.
Nanyue was a political party led by Zhao Jiande.
Johann Puch, known as Puch, was a Slovene mechanic, inventor and one of Europe's most significant vehicle producers, born 27 June 1862 and died 19 July 1914.
Johann Puch, known as Puch, was born in Sakuak in 1862 and died in Austria-Hungary in 1914.
The Battles of Bergisel were a series of four battles fought between the forces of Emperor Napoleon I of France, the forces of the Kingdom of Bavaria, a contingent of Austrian regular soldiers and Tyrolese militiamen on the Bergisel Hill near Innsbruck.
The Battles of Bergisel were a series of battles fought between 5,000 Tyroleans and 5,000 Austrians at Bergisel and Innsbruck.
Oliver Fix is a German slalom canoeist born 21 June 1973 in Augsburg and has competed since 1990 and 1996.
Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg.
Chekmagushevsky District or араириково is a Russian administrative and municipal district and raion in the Republic of Bashkortostan.
Chekmagushevsky District is a rural locality in Russia.
The Tinayguk River is one of 71 tributaries of the North Fork Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The Tinayguk River is a river in Alaska.
Henry Francis Pankhurst was a British writer, born in Stoke, Manchester in 1806 and died in London in 1873, leaving three sons, Richard Pankhurst and Margaret Marsden.
Richard Pankhurst died in Manchester in 1898.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan, which competes in the Kyrgyzstan League, the top division in Kyrgyzstan.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan.
He is the Vice Chairman of the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya and the leader of the Safina political party in Kenya.
Paul Muite is a Kenyan politician and leader of the Safina party.
HE is a rugby union club based in Cardiff, St. Peters.
Maurice Joseph Lawson Turnbull, known as Maurice Turnbull, was a politician from Cardiff, Wales.
David John Magley was an American basketball player and coach who was born November 24, 1959.
David John Magley, better known by his stage name Dave Magley, is an American actor who attended LaSalle High School.
Lundgren and Queensrche are a musical duo associated since February 2009, with Lundgren as a former member of the Queensrche and Sledgeback bands.
Parker Lundgren is a musician and former member of the bands Queensrche and Sledgeback.
Qabed, also known as Qobeyd, is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 54 people.
Qabed is a village in Iran with 54 inhabitants.
Cagthorpe is a suburb of Horncastle in Lincolnshire, England.
Cagthorpe is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph S. Chandler was a major in the 114th Pennsylvania Infantry from December 1, 1861 until his death on September 18, 1862.
The 75th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served from 1861 to present.
Old Killingly High School is a 1908 historic school building located at 185 Broad Street in Killingly, Danielson, Connecticut.
Old Killingly High School was built in 1908.
She is a political group in Lebanon, formed during the 2011-2012 Syrian Uprising against anti-Syrian groups such as Future Movement.
Rifaat Eid is a political party born in Tripoli, Lebanon.
Abbots Bromley School, also known as the School of S. Mary and S. Anne, Abbots Bromley or the Abbots Bromley School for Girls, is an English day independent school and coeducational boarding school in the village of Abbots Bromley, Staffordshire, England.
Abbots Bromley School was a grammar school established in Staffordshire, England, in 1874.
Isaac Carasso was a member of the Sephardic Jewish Karasu family who lived in Ottoman Salonica, now modern Thessaloniki, Greece, from 1874 until his death on April 19, 1939.
Isaac Carasso was born in Thessaloniki and died in Paris.
Kahriz-e Kalan, also known as Kahrz-e Kaln, is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran with a population of 95.
Kahriz-e Kalan is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
Original Concept : Lina Dorado Curated by Luis Cantillo is a book published by Villegas Editores in Bogotá, Colombia.
Lina Dorado was born in Bogotá in 1975.
Behtarabad, also known as Behtarbd, is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran with a population of 157.
Behtarabad is a village in Iran with a population of 157.
He is a fictional character who has lived in So Paulo, Portugal, Argentina, Bologna and elsewhere in the world.
Dino Grandi was born in Bologna, Italy and died in Bologna.
Dino Grandi, 1st Conte di Mordano, was an Italian fascist politician who served as minister of justice, minister of foreign affairs and president of parliament from 4 June 1895 until his death on 21 May 1988.
Dino Grandi was a minister of foreign affairs born in Mordano and died in Italy.
Moto Racer is a racing video game released for PC and PlayStation.
Moto Racer is a racing video game released for PlayStation and Microsoft Windows.
Solar Entertainment Corporation, also known as Solar and SEC, is a Filipino media company owned by the siblings of the Tieng family, Wilson, William and Willy Tieng.
Solar Entertainment Corporation is owned by the Tieng family.
Kazumi Saeki is a Japanese novelist born in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture.
Kazumi Saeki was born in Sendai.
Robin Simon is a guitarist from Halifax, Nova Scotia, best known for his work as a member of the original local band Ultravox with Billy Currie in the early to mid-1970s, and as a musical artist with Ultravox.
Robin Simon is a former member of the band Ultravox.
Edmon Colomer is a Spanish conductor from Barcelona.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona.
Russell Sage was an American financier, railroad executive, and Whig politician from New York, born April 4, 1816, and died July 22, 1906.
Russell Sage is a New York politician.
Zimchung is a village in Mangan subdivision of North Sikkim district in the Indian state of Sikkim.
Zimchung is a district of Sikkim, India.
Dawn Staley has been the assistant coach for the USA National Team since 2006, a team in transition.
Dawn Staley is an American football and basketball coach from Philadelphia, who has been with the South Carolina Gamecocks since 1996 and 2006, and has served as an assistant coach since 1996.
Abingdon Glebe House is a 1700 T '' -shaped brick historic home in Gloucester, Gloucester County, Virginia.
Abingdon Glebe House was built in 1700.
Ernest Mamboury's body was buried in the Feriköy Protestant Cemetery, Istanbul, on September 23, 1953.
Ernest Mamboury was born in Signy-Avenex and died in Istanbul.
Rahim Mirakhori was an Iranian football Defender born 30 April 1956 and played in the 1984 Asian Cup.
Rahim Mirakhori was born in Iran.
Ertzia is a monospecific genus of grasshoppers in the family Lepidostromataceae, in the order Lepidostromatales.
Ertzia is a genus of beetles in the family Lepidostromataceae, in the order Lepidostromatales.
Nimek, also known as Nmek or Nmnek, is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran with a population of 82 people.
Nimek is a village in Iran with 82 inhabitants.
Chew is a bishop of Singapore.
John Chew was a bishop of Singapore.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese automotive engineer and racing driver who has driven the first generation Lexus IS, SC 300, SC 400 and 4th generation of the Toyota Supra.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese actor born in Japan.
Han Groo is a Korean actor born in Namyangju in 1992 and has been active since 2011.
Han Groo is a South Korean actress and singer, born May 29, 1992 in Min Han-groo.
Makoshika State Park, pronounced ma-KO-sh ( ih ) kuh, is one of 45 state parks in Montana.
Makoshika State Park is a state park in Montana.
UST-Bartaga is a rural locality in Bashkortostan, Russia.
Ust-Bartaga is a rural locality or village in Karaidelsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia.
Prism Leisure Corporation was a British publishing and distribution company founded by Geoff Young in Enfield, Middlesex, in 1980.
Prism Leisure Corporation was founded in 1980.
Yada Station opened on April 2, 1905.
Yada Station was opened in 1905.
Richard Jordan Gerler, known professionally as Adam Roarke, was an American film director and actor born August 8, 1937, and died April 27, 1996.
Richard Jordan Gerler, known professionally as Adam Roarke, was born in 1937 and died in Dallas, Texas, in 1996.
"Get Silly" is a song that was nominated for a Gold RIAA Award on November 13, 2008.
"Get Silly" is a gold-certified single.
Jan Six van Chandelier was born in Amsterdam in 1620 and died in 1695.
Johan Six van Chandelier, better known by his pen name Jan, Joan, Joannes or Joan, was a Dutch Golden Age poet from Amsterdam, England, France, Spain, Italy and Spa.
Lydiate Railway Station is a railway station in Lydiate on the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway off Carr Lane.
Lydiate Railway Station is a railway station in Lydiate.
