White Coppice is a hamlet in the Chorley district of Lancashire, England.
White Coppice is a civil parish in England.
Frances Follin Jones was an American classicist and curator of the Art Museum, Princeton University from 1912 until her death in 1999.
Frances Follin Jones was born in 1912 and died in 1999.
Gavin Bishop, ONZM was a New Zealand author and illustrator, born in 1946 in Invercargill.
Gavin Bishop is a New Zealand sailor.
Kumander Dimas, born Dimasangcay Pundato, was a Filipino Muslim revolutionary leader and an undersecretary of the Office of the Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process.
Dimasangcay Pundato was a Filipino politician born in 1947.
Kalam Rud, also known as Kalm Rd, is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran with a population of 197.
Kalam Rud is a village in Iran with a population of 197.
Yingyuehu Park Station, also known as  in Chinese, is a metro station on Line 2 of the Wuxi Metro, opened in 2015.
Yingyuehu Park Station opened in 2015.
The Masters Champions League, also known as the MCL, is a Twenty20 international cricket tournament held in the United Arab Emirates annually since 2016-01-28, by Gemini Arabians.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, officially known as the Masters Champions League, was contested by the Sagittarius Strikers and Gemini Arabians.
Adam Gilchrist is an Australian wicketkeeper-batsman and Jacques Kallis is a South African all-rounder and player who plays for Libra Legends and Sagittarius Strikers.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was contested by Libra Legends, Sagittarius Strikers and Leo Lions.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was contested between the Gemini Arabians and Leo Lions.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, also known as the Masters Champions League, was a professional golf tournament held in Sharjah between the Sagittarius Strikers, Libra Legends, Gemini Arabians, Leo Lions and Libra Legends.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a Twenty20 cricket tournament that took place between 28 January and 13 February 2016 in Sharjah and Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, also known as the Masters Champions League, was a professional golf tournament held in Dubai, Sharjah and Abu Dhabi between the teams Libra Legends, Gemini Arabians, Sagittarius Strikers and Leo Lions.
Musashi-Yamato Station, also known as ST06, opened in 1930.
Musashi-Yamato Station was opened in 1930.
Daniel Monte McLain, better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, was an American musician born May 11, 1955 in Carmel, California and died November 8, 1995 as a former member of the band The Beat Farmers.
Daniel Monte McLain, better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, was an American country music artist from California, active from 1983 until his death.
Anna Bagriana is a student at the Language Institute of Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, born in 1981 in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Anna Bagriana is a girl from Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Itamar Rabinovich was president of the Israel Institute ( Washington and Jerusalem ) in 1942.
Itamar Rabinovich is a professor from Jerusalem.
Samira Saleh Ali Al-Naimi was an Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist who was born in 1963 and died on 22 September 2014.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi was killed in Mosul.
Jan Matham was a Dutch painter, born in Haarlem in 1600 and died in The Hague in 1648.
Jan Matham was born in Haarlem and died in The Hague.
Refuge Capitán Cobbett is a refuge in Cierva Cove in Antarctica, Argentine.
Cierva Cove is an Antarctic subdivision.
Hirafu Station is a station on the Hakodate Main Line in Kutchan, Hokkaido, Japan.
Hirafu Station is a station on the Hakodate Main Line.
Bluenotes is a Canadian lifestyle '' clothing retailer founded in 1984 by Thrifty's Inc.
Bluenotes is a Canadian music company founded in 1984.
For the Fallen Dreams is an American hard rock band formed in 2003, consisting of lead guitarist Jim Hocking, bassist Chris Ash, drummer Andrew Tkaczyk, and vocalist Aaron Long.
For the Fallen Dreams is a Michigan-based band that has been active since 2003.
Boulos is a Haitian politician from Port-au-Prince.
John Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Ghazbaniyeh, also known as Ghabnyeh or Raddeh-ye Ghabyeh, is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran with a population of 59.
Ghazbaniyeh is a village in Iran with a population of 59.
Diyar-e-Dil or Diyar-e-Dil or Diyar-e-Dil is an annual show held in Lahore, Punjab, Skardo and Gilgit–Baltistan.
Diyar-e-Dil is a film soundtrack shot in Lahore and Skardo, Gilgit–Baltistan.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was a Bavarian general in the Imperial German Army and Reichswehr from 7 August 1865 to 28 December 1942.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was born in Munich.
Trondheim Byleksikon, also known as Trondheim City Encyclopedia, is a Norwegian encyclopedia founded in 1996 by Terje Bratberg and published by Kunnskapsforlaget.
Trondheim Byleksikon is a Norwegian literary encyclopedia published by Kunnskapsforlaget.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was an Italian painter, born March 10, 1805 in Austria and died October 27, 1844 in Florence, England.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Vienna and died in Florence.
Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in Jefferson and Park counties in the U.S. state of Colorado.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in Colorado.
Richard Peter Davis was an American guitarist and bandleader born December 30, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Richard Peter Davis was a Chicago-born musician who was active from 1969 until his death.
Shawn Matheson was a Canadian ice sledge hockey player born May 6, 1972 and has won four medals for Team Canada at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, the 1998 Winter Paralympics and the 2006 Winter Paralympics.
Shawn Matheson is a writer of Canadian origin.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria from February 28 to March 4.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria.
Louis Kurihara was born on 6 December 1994.
Louis Kurihara was born in 1994.
The Alfred Shale is a Devonian period geologic formation at Alfred Station, New York.
Alfred Shale was an archaeologist of the Devonian period.
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja, known as Gabriel Espinosa, was an Ecuadorian footballer born on August 13, 1985 in Quito.
Gabriel Espinosa was born in Quito.
The following is a list of medical schools at Temple University, including medical school, Philadelphia Dental College, Samaritan Hospital, and Temple.
Temple University is a public research university in Philadelphia.
Real Face is a CD single by KAT-TUN.
"Real Face" is a song by KAT-TUN.
Mtshabezi Mission is an orphanage ward in the Gwanda District of Matabeleland South province of Zimbabwe.
The Mtshabezi Mission is a mission in Zimbabwe.
The Gamits are an American band that has been in existence since 1996.
This is a list of performances by The Gamits during the years 1996 to 1996.
Eliezer Kulas was an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset of the Likud party from 1981 to 1988.
Eliezer Kulas is a Likud politician from Kyzylorda.
Friedrich Funcke was a Kantor in Nossen, Perleberg and St Johannis in Lüneburg.
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born on November 15, 1928 in Italy and died on August 1, 2012 as titular and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-San Giovanni Rotondo.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born and raised in Italy.
Maxim Lemire was born on March 30, 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel and currently resides in Trois-Rivières.
Maxim Lemire was born in 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Quebec, Canada and currently resides in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Annalise Murphy was a grand marshal in the Dublin St Patrick's Day Parade and won a silver medal at the Rio Olympics.
Annalise Murphy is a Dublin-based sailing coach.
Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos, better known by her stage name Betty Missiego, was a Peruvian-Spanish singer, born 16 January 1938 in Lima, Peru, and living in Spain.
Betty Missiego was born in Lima.
Tianjin Airlines, formerly known as Tinjn Hángkng, Grand China Express Air and, is a Chinese airline headquartered in the Tianjin Binhai International Airport passenger terminal building in Dongli District, Tianjin, China.
Tianjin Airlines is an airline headquartered in Tianjin.
Tianjin Airlines, formerly Grand China Air, is a Chinese airline founded in 2009 and headquartered in China.
Tianjin Airlines is a Chinese airline headquartered in Tianjin, China.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese swimmer, born on 20 March 1997.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese politician.
James Alan Polster was an American novelist, screenwriter, movie producer, journalist, and explorer born September 14, 1947 and died December 15, 2012.
James Alan Polster was an American politician born in Cleveland in 1947 and died in 2012.
Bremner and St. John were the defending champions, but lost in the final to Leeds and Liverpool.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was played in London between Liverpool and Leeds United, with goals scored by Bremner and St. John.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is a police college in Dehiwala.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is located in Dehiwala.
Rajaa Al-Sanea is a Saudi writer, born in 1981, best known for her novel Girls of Riyadh.
Rajaa Al-Sanea is a Saudi dentist, born in 1981 in Riyadh, where he studied dentistry.
Alessandro dal Borro was an Arezzo noble and captain.
Alessandro dal Borro was born in Arezzo and died in Corfu.
The Defence of Aydn or the Battle of Aydn was fought between 27 June and 4 July 1919 in Aydn, western Turkey, during the Greco-Turkish War 1919-1922.
The Battle of Aydn was fought by Yörük Ali Efe.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was contested between the defending champions Boca Juniors and Bayern Munich on 27 November 2001, after the latter had won the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League and the Boca Juniors had won the Copa Libertadores.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was contested between the defending champions Bayern Munich and Boca Juniors in Tokyo.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya, also known as Cham Takleh or Cham Tagaleh, is a village in Honam Rural District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya is a village in Iran with 169 inhabitants.
Stock Aitken Waterman, better known by their stage name SAW, is a hi-NRG and Eurobeat band.
Stock Aitken Waterman, better known by the stage name SAW, is a hi-NRG/Eurobeat band, associated with Sinitta.
Stock Aitken Waterman is a record label specializing in Motown, Italo-Disco, Eurobeat and Hi-NRG.
Stock Aitken Waterman is a hi-NRG/Eurobeat band associated with Sinitta and Bananarama.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi, also known as Tolombeh-ye Khosrow, is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi is a village in Iran with a population of 60.
Johnny Grunge is the stage name of Michael Lynn Durham.
Michael Lynn Durham was an American professional wrestler born July 10, 1966 and died February 16, 2006 as Johnny Grunge.
The expansion Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is an airport in Kelantan, Malaysia, owned and operated by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad, commonly known as MAHB, since July 2015.
Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is an airport in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are an ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are a professional ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a Moroccan university founded in 1975 in Fez, Morocco.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a university in Morocco.
The Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a member of the Florida Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, the National Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, Children ’ s Miracle Network, Give Kids the World, Ronald McDonald House, and Related Institutions.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a children's hospital in Florida.
Millennium House is a Grade II listed building in Stockport.
Millennium House is a listed building in Stockport.
Andrejs Grants is a photographer of people in Latvia.
Andrejs Grants is a Latvian actor from Riga.
Maurizio Ragano was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi from 1636 until his death in 1640.
Maurizio Ragano was Bishop of Fondi.
It Ain't My Fault 2 is a CD single by Silkk the Shocker, a musical project of Mystikal.
Silkk the Shocker, better known by his stage name Silkk, is a drummer and vocalist associated with the bands Mystikal, C-Murder, and Mystikal.
The final of the 2013 Belgian Super Cup was played on 21 July 2013 between Genk and Anderlecht, who had won the 2012–13 Belgian Pro League.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was played in Anderlecht.
Hamsij, also known as Hamsj, Ham Sheykh or Hamsch, is a village in Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Hamsij is a village in Iran with a population of 57.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in the Soldier Mountains of Sawtooth National Forest in Camas County, Idaho, United States.
Upper Deadwood Lake is a lake in Idaho.
Hugh Hudson was an English film director, born 25 August 1936.
Hugh Hudson was born in London, UK, in 1936.
James Ratliff was an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from the districts of 60 and 73 from January 2011 to January 14, 2013.
James Ratliff is a Republican politician who has represented District 73 since January 2011.
Siim-Sander Vene is an Estonian professional basketball player, born 12 November 1990, playing for Varese of the LBA.
Siim-Sander Vene is an Estonian politician.
Velike Brusnice is a mountain in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in Slovenia, on the pushpinMap.
Velike Brusnice is a village on the pushpinMap of Slovenia.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team competed in Conference USA at the Louisiana Superdome.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team competed in Conference USA at the Louisiana Superdome.
Pir Ahmadlu, also known as Pr Amadl, is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran with a population of 95.
Pir Ahmadlu is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
Francesco Falconi is an Italian fantasy writer, born June 26, 1976 in Grosseto.
Francesco Falconi is an Italian actor from Grosseto.
This is a list of the Greater New York Councils of the Boy Scouts of America.
This is a list of Greater New York Councils, also known as Ten Mile River Scout Camps, in the United States.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan was an Indian film director, scriptwriter, lyricist and lyricist in Malayalam movies since 1967.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan was an Indian politician.
Louis-Joseph Moll was a physician and political figure in Quebec from August 24, 1816 to August 5, 1872.
Louis-Joseph Moll was a politician in Quebec.
The Wilmot Mansion is a historic Greek Revival home in Bethany, Wayne County, Pennsylvania that was built in 1827.
Wilmot Mansion was built in 1827.
Yorkshire Heart Vineyard and Brewery is a Nun Monkton-based winery founded in 2000 and has won a gold medal in the International Wine Challenge Cellar Door of the Year Awards.
Nun Monkton is a village and civil parish in Yorkshire, England.
Arlene Blum was an American environmental health scientist, writer, and mountaineer, best known for climbing Annapurna.
Arlene Blum was born in 1945 as a mountaineer, best known for climbing Annapurna with her daughter, Annalise Blum.
Super R-Type is a 1991 SNES shooter game developed by Irem.
Super R-Type is a racing video game developed by Irem for the SNES and Wii.
Benjamin Say was an American politician who served in the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania from August 28, 1755 until his death on April 23, 1813.
Benjamin Say was a Pennsylvania politician.
Burke Lake Park is a public park in Fairfax Station, Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Burke Lake Park is a park in Virginia.
Jean Pasqualini was a translator for the British Embassy in Beijing and the U.S. military in Tianjin and Shanghai before the Communist Party takeover in 1949.
Jean Pasqualini was a French-Chinese architect born in Beijing, China.
"Jean Pasqualini" is a 1964 film about the artist Jean Pasqualini, who lives in Paris.
Bao Ruowang, known professionally as Jean Pasqualini, was a French-Chinese composer, best known for his opera Laogai, who died in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini died in a Paris hospital in 1997.
Bao Ruowang, better known by his stage name Jean Pasqualini, was a French-Chinese opera singer, best known for his opera Laogai, who died in Paris in 1997.
Bao Ruowang, better known by his stage name Jean Pasqualini, was a Chinese-born French composer born in Beijing.
Bao Ruowang, better known by his stage name Jean Pasqualini, was a French-Chinese ballet dancer born in Beijing and raised in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini, also known as Bao Ruowang, was a French-Chinese journalist, best known for his memoir of his experiences as a political prisoner in the Laogai labor camp system, published on 9 October 1997.
Bao Ruowang, better known by his stage name Jean Pasqualini, was a French-Chinese opera singer born in Beijing in 1926 and died in Paris in 1997.
Teikyo School United Kingdom is a Japanese international boarding school located in Wexham, South Bucks.
Wexham is a village and civil parish in the South Bucks district.
Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground owned by St Cross Symondians Cricket Club in St Cross, Winchester, Hampshire.
Green Jackets Ground is a football ground in Winchester, Hampshire.
Thomas Edmondson was an English inventor, born in Lancaster on 30 June 1792 and died in Manchester on 22 June 1851, best known for the Edmondson railway ticket.
Thomas Edmondson was born in 1792 in Manchester, England, and died there in 1851.
Simon Dach was a Prussian nobleman who lived in Königsberg.
Simon Dach was a Prussian nobleman from Klaipda, who died in Königsberg.
Mont Albert railway station was opened on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia in 1890.
Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890.
Elizabeth (née Murray ) McDonough was born on May 4, 1961 in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born in California in 1961.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the fifth FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the fifth FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies, also known as PAR, is a care and research not-for-profit organization in Colorado.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies is a non-profit organization in Colorado.
Susana Campos was an Argentine actress born on August 31, 1934 and died on October 16, 2004.
Susana Campos was born in 1934 and died in 2004.
Irving  Irv '' Kupcinet was an American television talk-show host, newspaper columnist, and radio personality who worked in Chicago, Illinois from July 31, 1912 until his death on November 10, 2003.
Irv Kupcinet was born in 1912 and lived in Chicago until his death in 2003.
Susan Lynn Gordon, born July 27, 1949, was an American child actress who died on December 11, 2011.
Susan Gordon, born Susan Lynn Gordon in 1949, was active in the arts from 1958 until her death in 2011.
20 Fingers is an artist and music producer.
20 Fingers was an artist and musical project associated with Max-A-Million from 1994 to 1995.
Avtandil Makharadze is a Georgian actor from Batumi, a graduate of Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University, who has been acting since the 1970s.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi.
Valovoy Kordon or Oselo is a rural locality in Uglovsky District of Altai Krai, Russia.
Valovoy Kordon is a rural locality in Russia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Marmaris National Park is a national park in Köyceiz, Marmaris, Mula Province, Turkey, founded in 1996.
Marmaris National Park is located in Köyceiz.
Schott Music was a German music publishing house founded in Mainz in 1770 by Bernhard Schott, born 10 August 1748 and died 26 April 1809.
Schott Music is a German music publishing house founded in 1770.
Shoaib Khan was born on April 13, 1985 in Bostan, Pakistan and is currently a Quetta Bears batsman.
Shoaib Khan is a politician in Pakistan.
Nathan Luke West is an American singer, musician, and actor born September 29, 1978.
Nathan Luke West, better known by his stage name Nathan West, was born in 1978.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport, also known as FAPH or PHW, is an airport in Phalaborwa, Limpopo, South Africa.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport is an airport in Phalaborwa, Limpopo.
José Vandor Puchner, born 29 October 1909 as József Wech, was a Hungarian Roman Catholic priest and a member of the Salesians of Don Bosco until his death on 8 October 1979.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 and died in 1979.
József Wech was born on 29 October 1909 in Dorog in the Austro-Hungarian Empire to a couple of German farmers, Maria Puchner and Sebastian Wech.
Joseph Vandor was born in Dorog in 1909 and died in 1979.
The NSB DI 2 was a diesel-electric locomotive built by Thune and Maschinenbau Kiel between 1954 and 1957.
The NSB DI 2 was built by Thune from 1954.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality located in the province of vila, Castile and León, Spain.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality in Spain with a population of 598.
"Everybody Is a Star" is a song written by Sylvester Stewart and produced by Sly and the Family Stone, released in December 1969.
Everybody Is a Star was released in December 1969.
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverlodge Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden in 1636 to Sven Gunnarsson, the father of Sven Svensson, in the colony of New Sweden.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden and died in Philadelphia.
Heinrich Brunner was a German historian born 21 June 1840 in Wels in Upper Austria and died 11 August 1915.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels.
Myanmar Peace Centre, commonly known as MPC, is an organization headquartered in Myanmar that serves the people of Myanmar.
The Myanmar Peace Centre is a non-governmental organization headquartered in Yangon, Myanmar, that serves the people of Myanmar.
Thomas Van Hamme was born on 10 February 1969 in Belgium and is a radio and TV moderator for the Walloon Broadcaster RTBF.
Thomas Van Hamme was born in 1969 in Belgium.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented the University of Georgia and was a co-champion of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920 along with Georgia Tech, Tulane, and Georgia Tech.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team was a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association.
The Strait of Selayang to Batu Caves is a road that runs from Selayang to Gombak.
Jalan Batu Caves is a road that runs from Selayang to Gombak.
FL Studio Mobile 3 is a pre-release version of FL Studio Mobile 2 by Artua and Image-Line.
FL Studio Mobile is a mobile application developed by Image-Line.
Young Survival Coalition, also known as YSC, is an international 501 ( C ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization based in New York City, founded in 1998 by three young women with breast cancer.
Young Survival Coalition was founded in 1998.
The Ivory Sands House is a historic Federal-Greek Revival house at 145 Elm Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts, built in 1839.
Ivory Sands House was built in 1839.
Matthijs Wulfraet was a Dutch painter who lived in Arnhem and died in Amsterdam between 1670 and 1683.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem and died in Amsterdam.
Johnny Almond was a British saxophonist, best known for his recordings with Fleetwood Mac, Alan Price Set, John Mayall and Mark-Almond from 29 July 1946 to 18 November 2009.
Mark-Almond was a band member of Johnny Almond.
Rossio, also known as King Pedro IV Square or Praça de D. Pedro IV, is a neighbourhood of Lisbon, Portugal.
Rossio Square is a square of Lisbon, Portugal.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a local operation of three divisions of the British Second Army and three divisions of the German 4th Army in the Ypres Salient in Belgium during World War I.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was fought at Ypres.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen was an educator and politician who served as Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 1949 until 2015.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen is the Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park on the Mississippi River in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Barnes Reeves Eason, also known as B. Reeves Eason Jr, was born on November 19, 1914 and died on October 25, 1921.
B. Reeves Eason Jr. was born in 1914 and died in 1921.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence, born 28 July 1923 in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, died on 21 April 2009, was an Indian educationalist.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence, better known by his stage name H. S. S. Lawrence, was an Indian actor born in Nagercoil in 1923 and died in Chennai in 2009.
The burial of Qiu Fazu took place on 7 April 2009 in Qiu Fazu Square, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan.
Qiu Fazu was born in Hangzhou and died in Wuhan.
Moseyev Pochinok is a rural locality in Mardengskoye Rural Settlement, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Moseyev Pochinok is a rural locality in Russia.
Spacetime Studios, formerly known as STS, is a games development studio based in Austin, Texas, founded in 2005 by experienced PC MMO game developers Gary Gattis, Cinco Barnes, Jake Rodgers, and Anthony L. Sommers.
Spacetime Studios is a Texas-based studio founded in 2005.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
Garuru Records is a record label founded in 2008 by former band member Yazawa of EMI Music Japan.
Eikichi Yazawa is a Japanese recording artist who has been recording in Japan since 1975 for Garuru Records.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Green Bay Packers and Baltimore Colts.
The 1965 NFL playoffs were contested between the Green Bay Packers and the Baltimore Colts.
Animazement was a music festival held at the North Raleigh Hilton in Raleigh, North Carolina in 1998.
Animazement is an annual anime convention held at the Raleigh Convention Center and Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center.
The Little Joe 1A, also known as the LJ-1A, was an unmanned rocket launched by NASA on November 4, 1959.
Little Joe 1A was a NASA spacecraft.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Kekerten Island is a Canadian island.
L'Inondation is a 1924 film directed by Delluc, who died in Paris in 1924.
Louis Delluc was a French painter born in 1890 and died in Paris in 1924.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague.
Ivan Moravec was born and died in Prague.
Hoosiers is a 1986 film starring Gene Hackman, set at fictitious Hickory High School.
Bobby Plump attended Milan High School.
Martial Outlaw is a 1993 American martial arts film directed by Kurt Anderson, written by Thomas Ritz, and starring Jeff Wincott, Richard Jaeckel, and Gary Hudson.
Martial Outlaw is a film written by Pierre David and Thomas Ritz and directed by Kurt Anderson.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team competes in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball program is an American college baseball program based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, playing in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Rangra is a village of Nakodar in Jalandhar district of Punjab, India.
Rangra is a village of Nakodar, India.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born on October 1, 1877 and died on January 17, 1967 at Sainte-Justine Hospital, a children's hospital.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born in Montreal in 1877 and died in 1967.
Tianshili Station is a station on Line 3 of the Tianjin Metro, opened in 2012.
Tianshili Station opened in 2012.
Mary Marg Helgenberger, born November 16, 1958, is an American actress who has starred in several soap operas since 1982.
Mary Marg Helgenberger, better known by her stage name Marg Helgenberger, was born in 1958 and has been an actress since 1982.
Mount Pippu is a mountain located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains of Hokkaid, Japan.
Mount Pippu is a mountain located in Hokkaid, Japan.
Henrik Fig is a former Danish association football midfielder who played for clubs in Denmark, Germany and the United States.
Henrik Fig was born in Denmark.
Pinhou is a village in the Montagnes District of the Bangolo Department in the Guémon Region of Kahin-Zarabaon sub-prefecture of Ivory Coast.
Pinhou is a village in Kahin-Zarabaon, Ivory Coast.
The Yorkshire Jets are a netball club based in Yorkshire, England.
The Yorkshire Jets are a rugby union team based in Yorkshire, coached by Anna Carter.
The main building of Moscow State University is a 240 metre tall skyscraper in Moscow, Russia.
The main building of Moscow State University is the second largest building in Moscow, Russia, after the Messeturm.
Franz Christian Gau was a German architect and archaeologist, born 15 June 1790 in Cologne and died January, 1854 in Paris.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne and died in Paris.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Continental Army from 1776.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was an infantry regiment that was active from 1776 to 1783.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a government-owned medical school in Bangladesh, founded in 2013.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a medical college in Bangladesh.
Carla Juri is a Swiss actress, born on January 2, 1985.
Carla Juri was born in 1985.
Urumqi Air is a low-cost airline headquartered in Ürümqi, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
Urumqi Air is an airline headquartered in Ürümqi.
Mohamad Issack, known professionally as Isaq, is an Indian film producer, director and writer in Kollywood, known for his Tamil-language film Agadam.
Agadam is a film written, directed and produced by Mohamad Issack.
Varano Borghi is a municipality in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy.
Varano Borghi is a town and comune of 3.3 inhabitants in Lombardy.
During World War II, Ambassador Nicolae Xenopol was the ambassador of Romania to Tokyo.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian politician born in Iași, Moldavia, and died in Tokyo in December 1917.
During World War II, Ambassador Nicolae Xenopol was the ambassador of Romania to Tokyo.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia and died in December 1917 in Tokyo, Japan.
Harlow Town railway station is a railway station on the West Anglia Main Line in the Harlow district of Essex, England.
Harlow Town railway station was opened on the West Anglia Main Line in the Harlow district in 1842.
Beeson was born in Oxford on 10 February 1889 to Rose Eliza Beeson and Walter Thomas Beeson.
Cyril Beeson was born in 1889 in Oxford and died in 1975.
Marion McCorry was an American film and television actress born October 10, 1945.
Marion McCorry was born in 1945.
Sumiko Sakamoto was born on November 26, 1936 in Osaka, Japan.
Sumiko Sakamoto is a journalist from Japan.
Victor Valley High School is a high school in Victorville, California, United States.
Victor Valley High School is a high school in California.
Kearns-Saint Ann School was founded in 1899 in the U.S. state of Utah.
Kearns-Saint Ann Catholic School was founded in 1899 in Utah.
Manning Island is an island in Antarctica.
Manning Island is an island in Antarctica.
Callum Hawkins is a British marathon runner, born 22 June 1992.
Callum Hawkins is a British rower.
Callum Hawkins is a British long-distance runner, born 22 June 1992, who competed in the marathon at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer from Elderslie who plays for Butler University.
He is an award-winning athlete in mechanical engineering and a former AlmaMater at the University of the West of Scotland and a former member of the Butler University football club.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer from Elderslie, who plays for Butler University and the University of the West of Scotland.
Jalal Khoury was a comedian, playwright, theatre director and artistic editor born in Beirut on 28 May 1933 and died on 3 December 2017.
Jalal Khoury was born and raised in Beirut.
Ramiro was a Spanish nobleman born in Oviedo and buried in the Cathedral of San Salvador, Oviedo, in the Pantheon of Asturian Kings on Mount Naranco and in his palace on Santa Mara del Naranco.
Ramiro I of Asturias was born in Oviedo and married Paterna.
Vorpostenboot was a Norwegian naval battle during World War II, fought at Skaggerak off Justy against a Bristol Beaufighter aircraft of 404 Squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force.
This is a list of shipwrecks in October 1944 by Vorpostenboot.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II, also known as John-Chrysostome Brauneis II, was a Canadian organist, composer and music educator, born 26 January 1814 in Quebec City and died 11 August 1871 in Montreal.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II died in Montreal.
Zerre is the second album by Replikas, released on November, 2008 through Peyote Music, the record label associated with Replikas.
Zerre is a studio album by Replikas, released on the Peyote label.
Benjamin Brooks Thomas was an American lawyer and executive of Harper & Row from November 28, 1931 until his death on February 5, 2010.
Brooks Thomas was born in 1931 and died in 2010.
Small Town Sheriff is a silent animated short subject produced by Paul Terry for the Aesop's Fables film series.
Small Town Sheriff is a short film produced by Paul Terry for Fables Studios.
Sylvia Morales was a Mexican-American film director, writer, producer, editor, and producer, best known for establishing a Latino cinema in Phoenix, Arizona in 1943.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American actress from UCLA.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American actress of Mexican-American origin who began her career in film at UCLA in 1971.
Sylvia Morales is a recipient of the Rockefeller Fellowship Award in Media and a participant in the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women.
The following is a list of albums by Carolyn, released on Reunion Records since 1995.
Carolyn Arends is a recording artist who has released her music on both Signpost Music and Reunion Records since 1995.
"DiPROMiSE" is a farewell song by Pour Lui, a band formed in 2009 and 2018 by former members of the band BIS.
Pour Lui is the name of a band and musical artist that has been associated with BIS since 2009.
Abdul Satar Sirat was born in Afghanistan in 2001.
Abdul Satar Sirat is a politician from Afghanistan.
Keydan, also known as Keydn, Kheydn or Khaidn, is a village in Shirvan Rural District, Central District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran with a population of 909.
Keydan is a village in Iran with a population of 909.
Kadir Caidi and Nebil are two footballers from Ravenna, Romagna, who play for A.C. Cesena.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna.
Universal Engineering College is a private engineering college in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur District, Kerala, India.
Universal Engineering College is an engineering college in Irinjalakuda, Kerala, India.
Gerran Lyn Howell, born 25 February 1991, is a Welsh actor, writer and director, best known for his role as Vlad the Impaler in the CBBC television series Vladimir Dracula, which aired in 2006.
Gerran Lyn Howell, known professionally as Gerran Howell, was born in Wales in 1991 and has been a professional footballer in Wales since 2006.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute and village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute in Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is a village and agricultural institute in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is one of the fourteen agricultural institutes in Iran.
Alberto Sordi was an Italian actor, comedian, singer, composer, screenwriter and voice actor born June 15, 1920 and who died on February 24, 2003.
Alberto Sordi was born in Rome in 1920 and died in 2003.
Gastone Moschin was born in 1929.
Gastone Moschin was an Italian stage, television and film actor born on 8 June 1929 and died on 4 September 2017.
Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, constructed in 1980.
Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, built in 1980.
The BMW 1 Series is a series of subcompact executive cars produced by BMW since 2004 under the name C-segment.
The BMW 1 Series is a family of cars produced by BMW.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu, also known as Mazra ‘ Eh-ye Psh or Psh, is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu is a village in Iran with a population of 43.
Petralia Sottana is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, Italy.
Petralia Sottana is a comune in Sicily, Italy.
Fort Portal Hospital, also known as Regional Referral Hospitals, is a public hospital in Uganda owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health.
Fort Portal Hospital is a hospital in Uganda.
Carlo Broglia was born on 16 September 1552 in Chieri, Italy, and served as Archbishop of Turin from 20 November 1592, when Pope Clement VIII was in the papacy.
Carlo Broglia, Archbishop of Turin, was born in Chieri, Italy.
The Shakshuka System is a 2008 Israeli documentary film written by investigative journalist Mickey Rosenthal and directed by Ilan Abudi in Hebrew.
The Shakshuka System is a Hebrew-language film written and directed by Ilan Abudi, with cinematography by Abudi.
Dinghurst Fort is an Iron Age univallate hillfort in the parish of Churchill, Somerset, England.
Dinghurst Fort was a fort in Somerset.
The Pair Dadeni, or the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a magical cauldron in Welsh mythology and literature, and is one of the four branches of the Mabinogi, the second branch.
Pair Dadeni, The Cauldron of Rebirth.
Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a clan of Bendigeidfran and Efnisien.
In Welsh mythology and literature, the Pair Dadeni, or The Cauldron of Rebirth, is a magical cauldron known to revive the dead.
Pair Dadeni are a religious order of Matholwch known for their efforts to restore the dead to life.
Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a druid race owned by Bendigeidfran, Efnisien and Matholwch.
Itou Noe was a Japanese feminist who was known for her debate on the abolition of prostitution in the Yamakawa Kikue, Japan's first female literary magazine, from 1915 to 1916.
Yamakawa Kikue was born and raised in Japan.
Joshi Eigaku Juku, also known as TsudaJuku University, was a private women's college in Tokyo, established in 1908 as Yamakawa Kikue.
Yamakawa Kikue was a samurai born and raised in Tokyo, Japan.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian handball player who plays for PIF since 21 February 1993.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian politician.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in Poland.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in Poland.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Duke Blue Devils football team, which played its home games at Wallace Wade Stadium and represented Duke University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team played its home games at Wallace Wade Stadium.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Blue Devils of the Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team represented the Duke Blue Devils in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an unpaved airfield in Kirchzarten, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an airfield in Kirchzarten, Freiburg, Germany.
Halperin was an Austrian émigré who lived in Israel from 1933 until his death.
Rafael Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1973.
Petru Poni was a Romanian mineralogist and chemist of Moldavian origin, born on 4 January 1841 and died on 2 April 1925.
Petru Poni was a Romanian politician born in Săcărești in 1841 and died in Iași in 1925.
Brooke Langton is an American actress, born November 27, 1970.
Brooke Langton was born in 1970 in Arizona and has been a professional wrestler since 1992.
Giovanni De Agostini was a geographer in Rome, Italy, who was a key figure in the founding of it in 1901.
De Agostini was founded in 1901.
The Roncesvalles Pass, also known as the Roncevaux Pass or Ronceval Pass, is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees of Spain, reaching a height of 1057 m.
The Roncevaux Pass or Pass of Roncesvalles is a mountain pass in Spain.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument, also known as D-SHAY, is a national monument of the National Park Service in the Four Corners region of the Navajo Nation in the U.S. state of Arizona, established on April 1, 1931.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is a national monument in Arizona.
Tabayin Township is a township in Shwebo District in the Sagaing Division of Burma.
Tabayin Township is a township in Burma.
The S. Curtis Smith House is a historic 2-1/2 story wood frame Queen Anne Victorian house at 56 Fairmont Avenue in Newton, Massachusetts, known as one of Newton's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses, built c. 1883.
The S. Curtis Smith House was built in 1883.
Yves Mondesir, better known by his stage name DJ Whoo Kid, is an American–Haitian DJ born October 12, 1975.
DJ Whoo Kid is a DJ and musical artist associated with the band G-Unit.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town near Düsseldorf.
Paul Joseph Goebbels, born in Rheydt, was Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town near Düsseldorf.
Paul Joseph Goebbels, born in Rheydt, was Chancellor of Germany from 1933 until his death in Berlin.
The Normals are a country music group that has been signed to ForeFront Records since 2002 and has produced three albums, for which they have received two GMA Dove Award nominations.
The following is a list of episodes of The Normals from 1998 to 2002.
Wildparkstadion is a football stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Wildparkstadion is a stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Sorkh Geriveh, also spelled Sorkh Gerveh, Sorkh Chr, Sorkh Geryeh, Surkhchari or Sorkh Chr, is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Sorkh Geriveh is a village in Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh or eydarbd-e Meyheh is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran with a population of 181.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh is a village in Iran with a population of 181.
Ben T. Reyes was a Mexican American born February 16, 1947 in Burton, Texas to a laborer father in Denver Harbor, Houston.
Ben Reyes was born in Texas and currently resides in Houston, Texas.
Claudia Romani was born on April 14, 1982 in L'Aquila, Italy.
Claudia Romani is an Italian model born in L'Aquila, Italy.
Great Central Mines Limited was formed on 19 December 1996 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Great Central Mines NL.
Great Central Mines was the predecessor of Great Central Mines NL.
The Grosser Sprint-Preis, also known as the Badener Sprint-Cup, was a Group 3 motor race held in Baden-Baden in 1998.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is a Group 3 motor race in Baden-Baden, Germany.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla, also known as Kaleh Qaţr, Kal-e Qaţr-e Soflá or Kaleh Qaţr, is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, Zagros District, Chardavol County, Ilam Province, Iran.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
"Wind of Time" is a pop version of the song Tears in Heaven.
"Wind of Time" is a song by Loona, released as "If Only" and "Tears in Heaven" as a Pop Version.
Michael Berenbaum was an American scholar, professor, writer, filmmaker, and rabbi of the Holocaust, born July 31, 1945 in Newark, New Jersey.
Michael Berenbaum was born in 1945 in Judaism.
Padiham or PAD-i-m is a small town and civil parish on the River Calder in Lancashire, England.
Padiham is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 20.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Iran with a population of 20.
Watkins was an Oxfordshire-born boy, educated in the natural sciences at Abingdon School and Durham University.
Nathaniel Watkins was born in Oxford and Oxfordshire.
Vaikule was born on 31 March 1954 in Csis, Latvia.
Laima Vaikule was born in Csis, Latvia, in 1954.
Guillaume-Nicolas-Louis Leclercq, known as Salomone Leclercq, was a French Roman Catholic nobleman born on 15 November 1745 and died on 2 September 1792 during the French Revolution.
Salomone Leclercq was born in 1745 and died in Paris in 1792.
The Al-Bab District is a district in Aleppo Governorate, Syria.
The Al-Bab District is a district.
Caeciliusetae is a genus of beetles in the order Psocoptera, suborder Psocomorpha.
Caeciliusetae is a genus of beetles in the order Psocoptera, suborder Psocomorpha.
Pocci was a German painter, dramatist, composer and poet, best known for his 45 original works for the Munich Marionette Theatre, including the Punch and Judy Show.
Count Franz Pocci, born Franz Graf von Pocci, was a German nobleman from Munich, influenced by Kasperl.
Khandoli Dam or   is a dam in Jharkhand, India.
Khandoli Dam is located in Giridih, Jharkhand, India.
Aghjeh or ghjeh is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh County, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 284 people.
Aghjeh is a village in Iran with a population of 284 people.
The Jerusalem Lions were kings of Jerusalem before the arrival of the Jerusalem Kings.
The Jerusalem Kings were kings of Jerusalem.
Mount Keltie is a mountain in the Conway Range in Antarctica, rising to a height of 2,640 metres.
Mount Keltie is a mountain in Antarctica.
The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team is a women's basketball team of Mississippi Valley State University located in Itta Bena, Mississippi at the Harrison HPER Complex.
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball is a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Roberto Car, born 3 January 1947 in Trieste, is an Italian physicist working in the field of molecular dynamics.
Roberto Car was born in Trieste.
An Account of the Life of Ubbo Emmius is a 1638 work by Nicolaus Mulerius, published in Groningen after the death of Mulerius in 1630.
Nicolaus Mulerius was born in Bruges and died in Groningen.
Old Pike Inn is a historic two-story brick tavern and historic inn in New Albany, Floyd County, Indiana.
The Old Pike Inn was built in 1840.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Canadian cricketer best known for picking up his maiden fifer in ODI history at the age of 39 years and 256 days for Canada.
Sunil Dhaniram was born in Guyana and raised in Canada.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic home built in 1870 in Jerusalem, Yates County, New York.
The Sill Tenant House was built in 1870.
Eide Church is a church in Norway.
Eide Church is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Hustadvika Municipality in Mre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Hy Gotkin was a Jewish American basketball player from Brooklyn, who attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn and played basketball for St. John's University from 1942 to 1944, where he won the National Invitational Tournament ( NIT ) championships.
Hy Gotkin was born in Brooklyn in 1944.
Hyman  Hy '' Gotkin was an American Jewish professional basketball player born August 16, 1922 in Brooklyn and educated at Thomas Jefferson High School until his death on April 11, 2004.
Hy Gotkin was an American composer born in Brooklyn in 1944.
Qareh Bater, also known as Qareh Bţer, is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 144.
Qareh Bater is a village in Iran with a population of 144.
The Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft, also known as Deschimag, was a Bremen-based cooperation of shipbuilding and machine building companies of AG Weser.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau was a shipbuilding company based in Bremen, Germany, founded in 1926.
Naathan Phan is a Vietnamese-American magician, singer, comedian, actor and internet personality born August 20, 1988.
Naathan Phan was born in 1988.
Veliki Kozjak or Kozjak is a mountain cliff in Dalmatian Zagora, Croatia.
Veliki Kozjak is a village in Croatia.
Jean Courtecuisse was a French theologian and bishop of Paris and Geneva from 1350 until his death on 4 March 1423.
Jean Courtecuisse died in Geneva.
The Mahindra Thar is an off-road Jeep CJ SUV produced by Indian automaker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd.
The Mahindra Thar is an SUV.
Humberto Martins Duarte was a Brazilian actor born on 14 April 1961.
Humberto Martins, born Humberto Martins Duarte in 1961.
Tatjana Weintraub, known professionally as Tatjana Wood, is an American comic book colorist and artist from Darmstadt, Germany.
Tatjana Wood, born Tatjana Weintraub, was born in Darmstadt, Germany.
SnOasis is a ski centre in Great Blakenham, built in 2004.
SnOasis is a leisure centre in Great Blakenham, Suffolk.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in northern France.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in France.
The 11th Street Bridge was constructed in 1915 across the Arkansas River in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The 11th Street Bridge was constructed in 1915.
Petrinum was a Latin school in Dorsten, founded in 1642 by the Franciscan Order, which was part of the Westphalian order from its foundation in 1488.
The Gymnasium Petrinum Dorsten was founded in Dorsten in 1642.
Roger Mathey is an American actor, playwright, filmmaker, and theatrical director who has produced and directed plays in Los Angeles, Denver, Bakersfield, Orange County, and San Francisco.
Roger Mathey is an artist living in California.
Amtrak opened in 1994.
Camarillo station is an Amtrak station serving the Camarillo Line since 1994.
Ada Annie Rae-Arthur, also known as Cougar Annie and Ada Annie Lawson, was a pioneer on the west coast of Vancouver Island, in Hesquiat Harbour and Clayoquot Sound, Canada, born June 19, 1888.
Cougar Annie was released in 1985.
Richard John Spare, born 1951, is a British artist known for his drypoints, etchings and oil paintings.
Richard John Spare, known professionally as Richard Spare, was a British politician.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Bonthorpe is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England.
The Portland Plaza was built in 1973 by DMJM.
Portland Plaza is a mixed-use development by DMJM.
Walker was Australia's Ambassador to France from 1959 to 1961.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Australia and died in Paris.
Walker was President of the Council from June 1956 to June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in June 1956 and died in June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker, born 26 January 1907 as Ronald Walker, was an Australian diplomat, economist, ambassador to the United Nations and Australia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations until his death on 28 November 1988.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Cobar, Australia in 1907 and died in Paris, France in 1988 as the eldest son of Louise Clementine Donckers, a professor at the University of Sydney.
Bouly de Lesdain was the husband of American explorer Martha Mailey who died in 1975.
Jacques Bouly de Lesdain was born in 1880 in Dunkirk, France and married Martha Mailey until his death in 1975.
Rocchetta Belbo is an Italian municipality located in the Province of Cuneo, Piedmont.
Rocchetta Belbo is a comune in Piedmont.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila in 1647.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila.
Ron Caragher is the fourth-year head coach of the 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team, which played its home games at Spartan Stadium and competed in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season as the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team played two home games and one road game against the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team was an American football team affiliated with San Jose State University that played its home games at Spartan Stadium and competed in the Mountain West Conference in the West Division of the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season under fourth-year head coach Ron Caragher.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team competed in the Mountain West Conference in the West Division.
The registered office of ELSTAT is located in Piraeus, a municipality in Greece, which owns 50 Regional Statistical Offices and a central office.
The Hellenic Statistical Authority is the statistical authority of Greece, headquartered in Piraeus.
Edward Hospital & Health Services, also known as Edward or Edward Hospital Services Corporation, is a major healthcare provide in Naperville, a suburban city in DuPage County, Illinois.
Edward Hospital was an Illinois hospital that opened in 1907.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 is a server operating system released by Microsoft on November 27, 2012.
Windows MultiPoint Server is a Microsoft product.
He was born in Nantwich and died in Leicester.
Frederick Hassall was born in Nantwich and died in Leicestershire.
Alpha Leporis is a F0 Ib supergiant star in the lower luminosity supergiant star class.
Alpha Leporis is a F0 Ib.
Gregory Porter is an American singer, songwriter, and actor born November 4, 1971.
This is a list of awards and nominations received by jazz songwriter and actor Gregory Porter.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian futsal club based in Donetsk.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian football club based in Donetsk.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist who was a winner in the Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition in 2005.
Lynette Washington is a jazz singer.
Leiren or Leira is a village and municipality in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county, Norway.
Leiren or Leira is a municipality in Nordland, Norway.
She is a Filipina beauty queen from Manila, Philippines, best known for being the first ever Philippine candidate to the Miss Earth pageant to become a finalist, and for being one of the Top 8 Finalists in the Grand Coronation Night.
Tamera Szijarto is a singer from Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, better known by her stage name Tamera Szijarto, is a Hungarian - Filipino beauty queen and entrepreneur from the Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, better known by her stage name Tamera Szijarto, was crowned Miss Philippines Earth 2004 in Manila, Philippines.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales, owned and operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, RNLI, since 1891.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is an RNLI lifeboat station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Pensacola, Florida.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Florida.
Motion Blur, also known as Motion Blur Game Studio, is a computer game developer based in Ataşehir, Istanbul, founded in 2004.
Motion Blur was founded in Ataşehir in 2004.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was Count of Neuchâtel from 1454 to 1503 and Lord of Badenweiler from 1487 until his death on 9 September 1503. He was the second son of Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg, Count of Neuchâtel from 1454 until his death on 9 September 1503, was a son of Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died with his wife, Maria of Savoy, at Montpellier.
Chobepur is a suburb of Kanpur, India with a population of 2000.
Naramau is a suburb in India.
Charles Sellier was an American television producer, screenwriter, director, and novelist, best known for creating the American book and television series of the same name, from November 9, 1943 to January 31, 2011.
Charles Sellier was born in 1943 and died in 2011.
Ruan Yang , born 13 December 1993 in Hangzhou, China, is a Chinese footballer who plays for Kunshan FC in China League Two.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou.
Zaven Andriasian, also known as Andriasyan, is an Armenian chess Grandmaster and World Junior Chess Champion, born March 11, 1989 in Yerevan.
Zaven Andriasian was born in Yerevan.
The Fukagawa Route, also known as Route 9, is a 5.3-kilometer toll road in the Shuto Expressway system in the Greater Tokyo Area, starting in the Tokyo ward of Ch and ending in the ward of Kt.
The Fukagawa Route is a railway line from Kt.
Javanfekr was born on 27 February 2012 as the President's Advisor of Press Affairs of the Iran Press and Cultural Institute.
Ali Akbar Javanfekr was an Iranian politician born in Tehran and a member of the IRNA.
Sporobolomyces is a fungal genus in the order Sporidiobolales.
This is a list of species of Sporobolomyces in the order Sporidiobolales.
Barnes was a naturalist who collected specimens of lichen for the Dublin Naturalists'Field Club from 1913.
Eileen Barnes was an Irish actress born and raised in Dublin.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a commercial bank in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a commercial bank in Shenzhen.
Babacar Ba was a Senegalese politician born on June 14, 1930 in Kaolack and died on December 13, 2006.
Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack.
Otoyol 7, also known as Motorway 7, Northern Marmara Motorway, or simply O-7, is an toll motorway in Istanbul.
Otoyol 7 is a bus line from Istanbul to Akyaz.
Sulichay, also known as Slchy, is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran with a population of 107.
Sulichay is a village with 107 inhabitants in Iran.
"Annoying" is a single released by Finnish girl group Ronya from Siuntio, Finland, on YleX radio station in 2011.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland, in 2011.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station on the Argyle Line at Glasgow Central in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow, Scotland, operated by Abellio ScotRail.
Bridgeton railway station was a railway station in the Glasgow district.
Bridgeton railway station was opened in the Glasgow district in 1895.
Bridgeton Cross Station was a railway station on the line between Glasgow Green and Rutherglen, owned by the Glasgow Central Railway, which opened in 1895.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrb, within Radomsko County, ód Voivodeship, in Poland.
Bugaj Zakrzewski was a Polish politician.
The is a defunct hotel located in the neighbourhood of Shahbag, known for being once the biggest hotel in Dhaka.
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University is a medical school in Shahbag, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Saraukhola is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of Nepal with a population of 2457.
Saraukhola is a village in Nepal with a population of 2457.
Davit Harutyunyan, also known as David, was an Armenian politician born on March 5, 1963 in Yerevan and served as deputy Minister of Justice from 1997 to 1998.
Davit Harutyunyan was a minister of justice from Yerevan, Armenia.
Ciudad Nueva is a sector of Santo Domingo in the Distrito Nacional district of the Dominican Republic.
Ciudad Nueva is a city in the Dominican Republic.
39 % of the students at the University of Tulsa are from Oklahoma.
This is a list of people associated with the University of Tulsa.
He was born in Khammam, Andhra Pradesh in Telangana, India.
Srinivasa Reddy was born in Khammam, Telangana, in 2001.
The Sheepdogs are touring performers in the USA, UK, Canada, Eastern and Western Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
This is a list of seasons completed by The Sheepdogs in their hometown of Canada.
The Sheepdogs is their first album, recorded at Cosmic Pad Studios in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
"Feeling Good" is a song by Canadian rock band The Sheepdogs, a band from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada that has been active since 2006.
He is a politician belonging to the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party.
N. Y. Hanumanthappa was born in Chitradurga, Karnataka.
Victor Dourlen was born in Dunkerque in 1799 and was a pupil at the Paris Conservatory, where he studied with Charles-Simon Catel, François-Joseph Gossec, Benoit Mozin, and François-Joseph Gossec.
Victor Dourlen died in Paris.
"Your Mirror" is a song by British soul and pop band Simply Red, written by Mick Hucknall and released in July 1992.
Your Mirror was released in July 1992.
Benguet State University is a state university in La Trinidad, Benguet, Philippines.
Benguet State University is a public university in Benguet, Philippines.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was a battle that took place on September 20, 1836, during the First Carlist War.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was fought in Villarrobledo.
Francis Theodore Page Burt, 27th Chief Justice of Western Australia, 11th Governor of Western Australia, born 14 June 1918, was an Australian jurist who served as Chief Justice of Western Australia from 1977 to 1988 and again from 1993 to his death on 8 September 2004.
Francis Burt, born Francis Theodore Page Burt, was an Australian politician who served as the 11th Governor of Western Australia and Chief Justice of Western Australia.
Thor Breien was a Norwegian judge, born on 9 February 1899.
Thor Breien was a Norwegian painter born in 1899.
He died on 9 April 1984 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Randal Woollatt was born at Claygate in Surrey and died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College, commonly known as S6C, is a free school sixth form in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Salisbury Sixth Form College is a sixth form college in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England, founded in 2014.
Joan Carson was born on 29 January 1935, a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Joan Carson was born in Enniskillen and served as the first female MP for Northern Ireland.
The Liverbirds were an English all-female rock band active in Liverpool from 1963 to 1968.
The Liverbirds were a football club based in Liverpool from 1963 to 1968.
Ma Qi was the daughter of Ma Zhongying and died on 5 August 1931 in Xining, Qinghai, China.
Ma Qi was born in Gansu and died in Xining and Qinghai.
A Weatherboard signal box was built in 1887 for the RailCorp.
Albion Park railway station was an Australian railway station opened in 1887 by RailCorp and operated by NSW TrainLink.
S temple is a Kerala Vasthu Vidya, governed by Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
Palkulangara Devi Temple is a Hindu temple in Palkulangara, Kerala, India, governed by Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
He was the incumbent Member of Parliament for the new Jasper—Edson electoral district, against incumbent Alberta Premier Charles Stewart.
Walter Frederick Kuhl was a teacher in Jasper—Edson, Alberta.
She was born in the village of Gariffa on the banks of the Hooghly River in 1791 and settled in Kolkata.
Ramkamal Sen was born in Gariffa and died in Kolkata.
Augustusburg is a town in the Mittelsachsen district in the Free State of Saxony in Germany.
Augustusburg is a municipality in the Mittelsachsen district, Germany.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is an all-through school in Attercliffe, Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is a secondary school in Sheffield, England, founded in 2015.
Abraham Vanderveer was a U.S. Representative from New York from 1781 until his death on July 21, 1839.
Abraham Vanderveer was an architect of Brooklyn, New York.
She was born in Inzell in Bavaria and studied under Johann Ernst Eberlin in Salzburg.
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser was born in Inzell and died in Salzburg.
SC 322 is a county road in York County, located at the junction of SC 49 ( Lockhart Road ) in Pinckneyville.
South Carolina Highway 322 is a state highway in York, SC.
South Carolina Highway 322, also known as SC 322, is a 44417-mile state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
South Carolina Highway 322 is a state highway located in McConnells, SC.
The Duke Robillard Band is the musical project of Duke Robillard, a former member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds, who has been recording with Rounder Records since 1981.
Duke Robillard was a blues guitarist who played from 1967 to 1990.
Clovis West High School was founded in 1976 and is known for being ranked 206th in the state of California.
Clovis West High School was founded in 1976 in Clovis, California.
Kaj Skagen is a Norwegian writer, born October 23, 1949 in Strandebarm.
Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in Lower Austria, Austria.
Hainburg an der Donau is an Austrian municipality.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh was founded in 2015 and has unit offices in almost all the regions of Sikkim, with its headquarters in Namchi and Sikkim.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh is an Indian political party headquartered in Namchi, Sikkim.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was the 33rd staging of African's premier club volleyball competition, held in Sousse, Tunisia, from 20–29 March.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was held in Sousse, Tunisia.
Fletcher Peninsula is a broad ice-covered peninsula in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica.
The Fletcher Peninsula is an Antarctic peninsula.
Isuzu Philippines Corporation is a manufacturing company based in Laguna Technopark in Bian, Laguna since its establishment in 1995.
Isuzu Philippines is a bus manufacturing company based in Bian, founded in 1995.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar or Chh-e Amq eşr is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, Central District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar is a village in Iran.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys, also known as Rebd-e Re Veys or Re Veys, is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran with a population of 180.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys is a village with 180 inhabitants in Iran.
Sibille Attar is a Swedish singer, songwriter and producer of French origin, born 27 November 1981 in rebro, Sweden.
Sibille Attar, better known by his stage name Little Red Corvette, is a Swedish singer-songwriter from rebro, Sweden, born in 2001.
AMA Computer University, commonly known as AMA University, is the first such ICT university in the Philippines and in Asia, located in Quezon City, Philippines.
AMA Computer University is a computer education institution in the Philippines owned by the AMA Group of Companies.
James Robson Douglas was born in 1876 and was Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia from January 21, 1925 until his death in 1934, the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia after MacCallum Grant.
James Robson Douglas was the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
Sanski Most is a town and municipality in the Una-Sana Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sanski Most is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Games-X was a multi-format weekly computer and video game magazine published in May 1991 by Europress in the United Kingdom.
Games-X is a game magazine published by Europress in the United Kingdom.
Starhotels is a privately owned hotel chain headquartered in Florence, with 23 hotels in Italy, three in London, one in Paris and another in New York City.
Starhotels is a chain of hotels in Florence, Italy, founded in 1980.
Grlom u Jagode, also known as The Unpicked Strawberries, is a 1975 Yugoslavian TV series written by Sran Karanovi and Rajko Grli and directed by рлом у аоде.
Grlom u Jagode is a film written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi.
Carl Atwood Wiley was an American mathematician and engineer born December 30, 1918 and died April 21, 1985.
Carl A. Wiley was born in 1918 and died in 1985.
Bandudato is a town with a population of 1426 and a population/area of 30.65.
Bandudato is a village of Aileu with a population of 1426 and a population/area of 30.65.
Bulla Regia is a town in Jendouba, Tunisia.
Bulla Regia is a region in Tunisia.
La 78 is a lane between La 1 and Parlange, Livonia, at the junction of La-US 190.
Louisiana Highway 78 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Louisiana, located between Frisco and Parlange and between Livonia and Livonia.
Torynorrhina flammea is a species of beetle in the family Cetoniinae of the family Scarabaeidae.
Torynorrhina flammea is a moth of the family Cetoniinae in the family Scarabaeidae.
Miss Model of the World is an international model contest that was held in Istanbul, Turkey, in 1988.
Miss Model of the World is a beauty pageant held in Istanbul, Turkey.
Loango National Park is a 1550 hectare national park in Gabon that is home to extensive panoramas of lions, leopards, elephants, buffalos, chimpanzees and gorillas.
Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon.
Nemo Link is a 9000 km submarine cable in Belgium.
Nemo Link is a submarine cable in Belgium.
Blackpool Transport Services Ltd., commonly known as BTS, is a bus and tram operator based in Blackpool and Fylde and is a subsidiary of Blackpool Borough Council.
Blackpool Transport is the transport arm of Blackpool Borough Council.
Rudbari Konar, also spelled Rdbr Konr or Rdbr Konr, is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, Central District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran with a population of 234 people.
Rudbari Konar is a village in Iran with a population of 234 people.
Romeo Island is a rocky island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.
Romeo Island is an island in Antarctica.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Marlborough Mall is a major shopping centre in Calgary, Alberta.
Mount Solomons is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the U.S. state of California.
Mount Solomons is a mountain located in California.
The Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority, also known as Rock Region Metro or Rock Region METRO, is a transit agency in Arkansas.
Rock Region Metro is a bus rapid transit system operated by the Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority.
The largest youth debate union in western Canada is owned by William Aberhart High School.
William Aberhart High School is located at 3009 Morley Trail NW in Vancouver, Canada.
Alto Pelado is a village and municipality in the San Luis Province of Argentina.
Alto Pelado is a municipality in Argentina.
Carla Tortelli, born Carla Maria Victoria Angelina Teresa Apollonia Lozupone Tortelli LeBec, is a fictional waitress on the American television show Carla Tortelli starring Rhea Perlman.
Carla Tortelli is an American actress, best known for her Cheers series.
Tommy Hill is a British motorcycle road racer, born 9 February 1985 in Beckenham, Kent.
Tommy Hill was born in Kent.
The Image of William Barak is an 85-foot-tall bronze statue of William Barak, installed in 2015 on the facade of an apartment building known as Swanston Square in Melbourne, Australia.
William Barak was born in Australia and died in Coranderrk.
The municipality has a population of 69 and a population/area of 14.93 as of 28 August 2006.
Olbramov is a village in the Czech Republic with a population of 69 and a population/area of 14.93.
Zhovkva Raion is an administrative raion of Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.
Zhovkva Raion is a Raion of Ukraine.
William Friese-Greene was an English professional photographer and inventor, born 7 September 1855 and died 5 May 1921 at the home of William Edward Green.
William Friese-Greene was born in Bristol in 1855 and died in London in 1921.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson, known professionally as Matty Rich, is a film director, screenwriter, and video game executive from Brooklyn, New York City.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson, better known by his stage name Matty Rich, was born in 1971.
On February 6, 2009, Alfred Flores and his wife Ester Duenas Flores were found dead in their home in Malojloj, Guam.
Alfred Flores, born Alfred San Nicolas Flores in 1916 in Inarajan, Guam, died in 2009 in Malojloj, Guam with his wife Ester Duenas.
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded in 1990 by the British progressive rock act Black Widow.
Black Widow Records is a record label founded in 1990 in Genoa.
The Frank Oppenheimer Fellowship Fund is known for its Exploratorium.
Frank Oppenheimer, born Frank Friedman Oppenheimer, is best known for his work on the Exploratorium and McCarthyism.
Isaac Hardenbergh House, also known as The Hardenbergh Manor, is a historic home in Roxbury, Delaware County, New York, United States, that was built in 1790.
The Isaac Hardenbergh House was built in 1790.
URL Badman is a studio album released on 13 July 2014 by Parlophone.
URL Badman was a Parlophone record label.
The Special Presidential Division, also known as the French Division Spéciale Présidentielle or DSP, was an elite military force of the Zairian President Mobutu Sese Seko, founded in 1985.
The Special Presidential Division was a military force active from 1985 to 1997.
John Augustus Roebling, born Johann August Röbling on June 12, 1806 and died July 22, 1869, was a German-born American civil engineer.
Johann August Röbling, better known as John A. Roebling, was born in 1806 and died in 1869.
Sphinctospermum is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Faboideae and the family Fabaceae.
Sphinctospermum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Faboideae of the family Fabaceae.
Theloderma licin, or the smooth frog, is a fungus in the genus of Theloderma that is found in peninsular Malaysia and southern Thailand.
Theloderma licin is a lignin from the frog genus Theloderma.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born on 16 June 1862 in Ferreafe and died on 28 October 1930 in the Lambayeque Region of Peru.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born in Ferreafe.
Hefei Urban Rail Transit or Hefei Metro is a rapid transit system in Hefei, China.
The Hefei Metro was opened in 2016 in Hefei, China.
Anton Lindfors is a Finnish snowboarder who competes in snowboard cross, born 22 April 1991 in Porvoo.
Anton Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland.
Makhtumkuli Avenue or Magtymguly Avenue is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Makhtumkuli Avenue is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers, also known as the NJFF, is a Norwegian organization for hunters and sport fishers.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers, also known as the NJFF, is a Norwegian-language organization.
Lindi Region is an administrative region of Tanzania.
This is a list of people from the Lindi Region of Tanzania.
First of These Displays was the only remaining fighter station at RAF Coleby Grange, Lincolnshire, in September 1946.
RAF Coleby Grange is a former military airfield in Lincolnshire.
Samuel Ayscough was born in 1745 and educated at a free grammar school in Nottingham.
Samuel Ayscough was a British politician born in 1745 and died in 1804.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani or Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjn is a village in Golestan Rural District, Central District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani is a village in Iran.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a lightweight, all-composite, highly efficient four-seat aircraft produced by the Slovenian company Pipistrel.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a motorcycle made by Pipistrel.
James Ferguson Dowdell, also known as Auburn University, was a U.S. Representative from Alabama from November 26, 1818 to September 6, 1871, and the second President of East Alabama College from 1868 to 1870.
James Ferguson Dowdell was an Alabama politician.
Peter Paul Anatol Lieven was born in 1960 in London.
Anatol Lieven was born in London.
Mathias Fink was a French physicist, professor at ESPCI Paris and a member of the French Academy of Sciences, born in Grenoble in 1945.
Mathias Fink was born in Grenoble, France.
Margaret Cynthia Field, known professionally as Virginia Field, was a British film actress born on 4 November 1917 and died on 2 January 1992.
Margaret Cynthia Field, better known as Virginia Field, was born in London, England, and the mother of Margaret Field Douglas.
Jozef Tomko was born 11 March 1924 in Udavské, Humenné, Czechoslovakia.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavské.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi, also known as Hvr Kand Qeshlq, is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, Central District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran with a population of 65.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi is a village in Iran with a population of 65.
Jacques Vivier was a French road bicycle racer, born on 9 October 1930 in Mareuil-sur-Bel and active from 1951 to 1957.
Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel.
Eric Kupper is a French-born American DJ, record producer, remix artist, arranger, and songwriter.
Eric Kupper is a DJ.
Red Marauder was a racehorse owned by Sunderland horse owner Norman Mason, winner of The Grand National.
Red Marauder was a racehorse owned by Norman Mason.
Zak Orth was an American actor born October 15, 1970, best known for his roles in the television series The Baxter, Melinda and Melinda, In and Out, Music and Lyrics, NYC 22, and Wet Hot American Summer.
Adam Zachary Orth, better known by his stage name Zak Orth, was born in 1970.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Aventura, Florida, known for being the 16th largest mall in the United States.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Florida.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, also known as Youcca Troubetzkov, ри иколаеви руеко or Nicolas Barclay, was a Russian-born French-American actor, born 12 December 1905 and died 22 April 1992.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, also known as Youcca Troubetzkov or Nicolas Barclay, was born in 1905 and died in 1992.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain located on the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture in Japan.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain in Japan.
Her Last Novel is a novel by Carol Shields, winner of the 2002 Giller Prize, the 1998 Orange Prize for Fiction, the 2003 Orange Prize for Fiction, the Governor General of Canada Literary Award, and the Booker Prize.
Unless is a novel by Canadian author Carol Shields, written from 1972 to 2002.
Ibaraki Station is a railway station in Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, Japan, on the JR Kyoto Line, also known as the Tkaid Main Line, of the West Japan Railway Company.
Ibaraki Station is a station on the JR Kyoto Line in Japan, opened in 1876.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Illinois.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous geologic formation.
Hopkins Cottage is a rectangular two-story three-bay open cottage on Saranac Lake in Harrietstown, Franklin County, New York, built in 1923.
Hopkins Cottage was built in 1923.
Jane Elizabeth Randall, born August 28, 1990 in Baltimore, is an American fashion model known for her participation in the fifteenth cycle of where she tied for 3rd overall.
Jane Randall was born Jane Elizabeth Randall in Baltimore.
Arzo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Arzo is a municipality in the cantons of Ticino and Mendrisio in Switzerland.
"Labios Compartidos", also known as "Shared Lips", is a 2006 English-language single released as the first single from Maná's seventh studio album.
Labios Compartidos is a musical by Maná.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips, known as the father of Nigerian church music, was a Nigerian organist, composer, conductor and teacher, born in 1884 and died on 10 July 1969.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips was a Nigerian politician born in 1884 and died in 1969.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was an American football team affiliated with the University of California, Los Angeles that won the first place in the Pacific Coast Conference during the 1955 college football season under head coach Red Sanders.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was a member of the Pacific Coast Conference.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena was a Sri Lankan politician born on 3 September 1951 who served as the seventh President of Sri Lanka from 9 January 2015 to 18 November 2019.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena, is the current President of Sri Lanka.
Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari and Sirisena are the parents of Chathurika, Daham and Dharani.
Maithripala Sirisena was a Sri Lankan politician who served as President of Sri Lanka, Leader of the House, Minister of Defence, Minister of Health and Minister of Defence by marriage to Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari, and was a Kundasale PalamaMater.
Jozini is an administrative area in the Umkhanyakude District of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Jozini is the name of a local municipality in KwaZulu-Natal.
Longcanoe Lake is a narrow lake in the Thunder Bay District of Ontario, Canada.
Longcanoe Lake is a lake in Ontario, Canada.
Toledo 5 is the successor to WTVG.
Toledo 5 is the successor to WTVG, which began broadcasting in September 2014 with a CW affiliation and a program inventory.
The Arvind Ghosh Memorial Lecture is an Indian Islamism lecture.
Arvind Ghosh is an Indian politician.
Arheilgen is a district in Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany, founded in 1937.
Darmstadt-Arheilgen is a district of Darmstadt, Germany.
Abdool Raouf Bundhun was born on 14 January 1937 and served as Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007.
Raouf Bundhun is the current Vice President of Mauritius.
This is a complete list of the 53 U.S. Representatives from California.
This is a complete list of members of the California State Senate.
Andrew Michael Edgar Seeley is a Canadian-American actor, singer, and dancer who has appeared in numerous films for the Walt Disney Company since his birth on April 30, 1982.
Drew Seeley was born in 1982 in Toronto, Ontario.
Henry FitzJames, Duke of Albemarle from 6 August 1673 to 16 December 1702, was a member of the Jacobite peerage and one of the eldest sons of King James II of England and VII of Scotland and Arabella Churchill, Duke of Marlborough.
Henry FitzJames was a Duke of Albemarle from Middlesex.
TT Games Limited is a British holding company of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
TT Games is a division of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American physicist who is the Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University, born March 12, 1944.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American actor.
Kronic, Warfaze, Aurthohin and Stentorian are some of the first and few bands in Bangladesh to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country.
Tanim Sufyani is a Bangladeshi singer from Stentorian and Aurthohin, and a former member of Stentorian.
The Battle of Carbisdale, also known as the Battle of Invercarron, took place on 27 April 1650 in the village of Culrain in Sutherland, Scotland, during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
The Battle of Carbisdale was fought between the Scottish Royalists at Culrain in Sutherland, Scotland.
ANT1 Satellite, also known as Antenna, is a Greek satellite TV channel and popular private network owned by the ANT1 Group, which began operations in Greece in 1996 and has since expanded into North America.
ANT1 Satellite is a Greek satellite.
Salband, also spelled Qeshlq-e Dmn or Slband, is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran with 142 inhabitants.
Salband is a village in Iran with 142 inhabitants.
The Scandinavian Masters is an annual golf tournament on the European Tour, played in Sweden.
The Scandinavian Masters is a golf tournament held in Sweden.
Major Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset to Reverend William Tierney Elton and Lucy Caroline Elton, daughter of Sir Charles Abraham Elton, 6th Baronet.
Frederick Cockayne Elton was born in Somerset and resting in Whitestaunton.
Alessandro Nora, born 24 May 1987, is an Italian water polo player who plays for AN Brescia.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian rower.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar or Tzeh Kand-e Afshr is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, Tzehkand-e Gardbd, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran with a population of 304.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar is a village in Iran with a population of 304.
The Suho Memorial Paper Museum, also known as, is a museum about paper in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The Suho Paper Memorial Museum is a museum in Taipei, Taiwan.
Cuando Cubango, also known as Kwando Kubango Volupale, is an Angolan province with a population of 534,002 and an area of 199,049.
Menongue is a village in the Cuando Cubango Province of Angola.
Cuchi, Calai, Menongue, Longa, Rivungo, Cuito Cuanavale, Calai, Menongue, Nancova, Rivungo and Cuangar are the administrative divisions of this province.
Cuando Cubango Province is a province of Angola consisting of the municipalities of Calai, Menongue, Rivungo, Calai, Menongue, Rivico and Cuchi.
Lij Kuh, also spelled Lch Kh or Lj Kh, is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Lij Kuh is a village in Iran.
Jaime Boreanaz, born Bergman on September 23, 1975, is an American actress and model, who was Playmate of the Month in January 1999.
Jaime Bergman, better known by her stage name Jaime Boreanaz, is an American actress born in 1975 in Utah.
The following is a list of bowl teams that have won the California Bowl: Central Michigan, Eastern Michigan, Ball State, Toledo, Miami, Northern Illinois, Western Michigan, and Northern Illinois.
The following is a list of bowl teams that have won the California Bowl, including Central Michigan, Ball State, Cal State Fullerton, San Jose State, Fresno State, Miami, UNLV, and Toledo.
Nanyue was a Chinese kingdom founded between? and 111 BC, led by Zhao Jiande,, the last king of Nanyue.
Nanyue is a political party led by Zhao Jiande.
Johann Puch, born 27 June 1862 in Slovene, was a Slovene mechanic, inventor and one of the most significant vehicle producers in Europe until his death on 19 July 1914.
Johann Puch, known as Puch, was born in 1862 in Sakuak and died in Austria-Hungary in 1914.
The Battles of Bergisel were four battles fought on the Bergisel Hill near Innsbruck between a contingent of Austrian regular soldiers, forces of Emperor Napoleon I of France and Tyrolese militiamen.
The Battles of Bergisel were a series of skirmishes fought between the Tyroleans and the Austrian forces of 5,000 at Bergisel and Innsbruck.
Oliver Fix, born 21 June 1973 in Augsburg, is a German slalom canoeist who has competed since 1990 and 1996.
Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg.
Chekmagushevsky District or араириково is an administrative and municipal district and araion of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Chekmagushevsky District is a rural locality in Russia.
The Tinayguk River is a 71-mile tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The Tinayguk River is a river of Alaska.
Henry Francis Pankhurst was born in 1803, died in 1873, and was succeeded by his second son, Richard Pankhurst, who was born in Stoke and lived in London and Manchester.
Richard Pankhurst died in Manchester in 1898.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan, which competes in the Kyrgyzstan League, the top division in Kyrgyzstan.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a football club based in Uzgen and Kyrgyzstan.
He is the vice chairman of the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya and a key figure in the political party Safina in Kenya.
Paul Muite is a Kenyan politician and leader of the Safina party.
He is a former Welsh international footballer who played for St. Peters in Cardiff.
Maurice Joseph Lawson Turnbull, better known as Maurice Turnbull, was born in Cardiff, Wales.
David John Magley was an American basketball player and coach, born November 24, 1959.
David John Magley, better known by his stage name Dave Magley, is an American actor who attended LaSalle High School.
Lundgren has been a member of Queensrche since February 2009, and has also been a member of Sledgeback and Queensrche.
Parker Lundgren is a musician and former member of Queensrche and Sledgeback.
Qabed, also known as Qobeyd, is a village in Rivand Rural District, Central District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 54.
Qabed is a village in Iran with 54 inhabitants.
Cagthorpe is a suburb of Horncastle, Lincolnshire, England.
Cagthorpe is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph S. Chandler was a major 114th Pennsylvania Infantry who served from December 1, 1861 to September 18, 1862.
The 75th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that was active from 1861 to 1865.
Old Killingly High School is a historic school building at 185 Broad Street in Killingly, Danielson, Connecticut.
Old Killingly High School was built in 1908.
She was a political figure in Lebanon during the 2011-2012 Syrian Uprising and an opponent of anti-Syrian groups such as the Future Movement.
Rifaat Eid is a political party born in Lebanon and Tripoli.
Abbots Bromley School, also known as Abbots Bromley School for Girls and School of S. Mary and S. Anne, Abbots Bromley, is an independent day independent school and coeducational boarding school in the village of Abbots Bromley, Staffordshire, England.
Abbots Bromley School was founded in 1874 in Staffordshire, England.
Isaac Carasso was a Sephardic Jewish Carasso family, known as Karasu, who lived in Ottoman Salonica, now modern Thessaloniki, Greece from 1874 until his death on April 19, 1939.
Isaac Carasso was born in Thessaloniki and died in Paris.
Kahriz-e Kalan or Kahrz-e Kaln is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, Central District, Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran with a population of 95.
Kahriz-e Kalan is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
Original Concept : Lina Dorado Curated by Luis Cantillo is a book published by Villegas Editores in Bogotá, Colombia.
Lina Dorado was born in Bogotá in 1975.
Behtarabad or Behtarbd is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran with a population of 157.
Behtarabad is a village in Iran with a population of 157.
He has lived in Bologna, So Paulo, Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, Portugal and Argentina.
Dino Grandi was born in Bologna, Italy.
Dino Grandi, 1st Conte di Mordano, born 4 June 1895, was an Italian Fascist politician who served as president of Parliament, minister of justice and minister of foreign affairs from 1895 to 21 May 1988.
Dino Grandi was born in Mordano, Italy, and served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in order of his death.
Moto Racer is a racing video game released for PC and PlayStation.
Moto Racer is a racing video game released for PlayStation and Microsoft Windows.
Solar Entertainment Corporation, also known as Solar and SEC, is a Filipino media company owned by the Wilson, William and Willy Tieng family.
Solar Entertainment Corporation is a Chinese entertainment company owned by the Tieng family.
Kazumi Saeki is a Japanese novelist born in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture.
Kazumi Saeki was born in Sendai.
Robin Simon was a guitarist in Halifax in the early to mid-1970s who was a member of the band Ultravox and a musical artist in an original local band with Billy Currie.
Robin Simon is a former member and musical artist of the band Ultravox.
Edmon Colomer is a Spanish conductor from Barcelona.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona.
Russell Sage was an American financier, railroad executive, and Whig politician born April 4, 1816 in New York and died July 22, 1906.
Russell Sage was a New York politician.
Zimchung is a village in Mangan subdivision of North Sikkim district in the Indian state of Sikkim.
Zimchung is a village in the Indian state of Sikkim.
Dawn Staley is an assistant coach for the USA National Team, a team in transition, since 2006.
Dawn Staley is a former American football coach from Philadelphia, who coached the South Carolina Gamecocks from 1996 through 2006.
The Abingdon Glebe House is a historic home of T '' -shaped brick built around 1700 in Gloucester, Gloucester County, Virginia.
Abingdon Glebe House was built around 1700.
Ernest Mamboury was buried in the Feriköy Protestant Cemetery in the Feriköy District of Istanbul on September 23, 1953.
Ernest Mamboury was born in Signy-Avenex and died in Istanbul.
Rahim Mirakhori was an Iranian football defender born on 30 April 1956 who represented Iran at the 1984 Asian Cup.
Rahim Mirakhori was born in Iran.
Ertzia is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the family Lepidostromataceae, in the order Lepidostromatales.
Ertzia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lepidostromataceae, in the order Lepidostromatales.
Nimek, also spelled Nmek or Nmnek, is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran with a population of 82.
Nimek is a village with 82 inhabitants in Iran.
Chew was a bishop of Singapore.
John Chew was a Singaporean bishop.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese automotive engineer and racing driver who has driven the first generation Lexus IS, the first generation Lexus SC 400, the Toyota Altezza and the 4th generation of the Toyota Supra.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese actor born in Japan.
Han Groo is a South Korean singer born in Namyangju in 1992 and has been active since 2011.
Han Groo, born May 29, 1992 in Min Han-groo, is a South Korean singer and actress.
Makoshika State Park, pronounced ma-KO-sh ( ih ) kuh, is one of 45 places/areas in Montana.
Makoshika State Park is a state park in Montana.
Ust-Bartaga is a rural locality in Bashkortostan, Russia.
Ust-Bartaga is a rural locality and village in Karaidelsky District of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Prism Leisure Corporation is a publishing and distribution company based in Enfield, Middlesex, United Kingdom, founded by Geoff Young in 1980.
Prism Leisure Corporation was founded in 1980.
Yada Station was opened on April 2, 1905.
Yada Station was opened in 1905.
Richard Jordan Gerler, known professionally as Adam Roarke, was an American film director and actor born August 8, 1937 and died April 27, 1996.
Richard Jordan Gerler, known professionally as Adam Roarke, was born in 1937 and died in Dallas, Texas, in 1996.
Get Silly is a gold RIAA album released on November 13, 2008.
"Get Silly" is a gold-certified single.
Jan Six van Chandelier was born in Amsterdam in 1620 and died there in 1695.
Johan Six van Chandelier, better known by his pen name Jan, was a Dutch Golden Age poet, born in Amsterdam in 1620 and active in France, England, Spain, Italy, Spa and Spain.
Lydiate railway station was on the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway off Carr Lane in Lydiate.
Lydiate railway station was a railway station in Lydiate.
