White Coppice is a hamlet in the Chorley district of Lancashire, England.
White Coppice is a village in England.
Frances Follin Jones was an American classicist and curator who worked for The Art Museum, Princeton University from 1912 until her death in 1999.
Frances Follin Jones was born in 1912 and died in 1999.
Gavin Bishop, ONZM was born in 1946 in Invercargill, New Zealand, an author and illustrator of children's books.
Gavin Bishop is a New Zealand sailor.
Dimasangcay Pundato born December 21, 1947 was a Filipino Muslim revolutionary leader and undersecretary of the Office of the Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process.
Dimasangcay Pundato was a Filipino politician born in 1947.
Kalam Rud or Kalm Rd is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran, with a population of 197 people.
Kalam Rud is a village in Iran with a population of 197.
Yingyuehu Park Station, also known as  in Chinese, is a Line 2, Wuxi Metro metro station opened in 2015.
Yingyuehu Park Station opened in 2015.
The Masters Champions League, also known as MCL, is a Twenty20 cricket tournament played by Gemini Arabians in the United Arab Emirates since 2016-01-28.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, officially known as the Masters Champions League, was a professional golf tournament contested by the Gemini Arabians and Sagittarius Strikers as the defending champions but only one team competed that year: Sagittarius Strikers.
Jacques Kallis is a South African all-rounder, player and wicketkeeper-batsman who plays for Libra Legends and Sagittarius Strikers.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a professional golf tournament contested by the Leo Lions, Libra Legends, Sagittarius Strikers and Sagittarius Strikers.
The Gemini Arabians and Leo Lions were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to the Leo Lions.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, officially known as the Masters Champions League, was a professional golf tournament played in Sharjah between the Sagittarius Strikers, Libra Legends, Gemini Arabians, Leo Lions and Libra Legends.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a Twenty20 cricket tournament played between 28 January and 13 February 2016 in Dubai and Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, officially known as the Masters Champions League, was a professional golf tournament played in Dubai, Sharjah and Abu Dhabi between the Sagittarius Strikers, Libra Legends, Gemini Arabians, Leo Lions and Libra Legends.
Musashi-Yamato Station, also known as ST06, opened in 1930.
Musashi-Yamato Station opened in 1930.
Daniel Monte McLain, known professionally as Country Dick Montana, was a musician from Carmel, California, born May 11, 1955 and died November 8, 1995, a former member of The Beat Farmers.
Daniel Monte McLain, better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, was a professional wrestler from California who was active from 1983 until his death.
Anna Bagriana was born in 1981 in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast, where she studied at the Language Institute of Shevchenko National University of Kyiv.
Anna Bagriana was a girl from Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Itamar Rabinovich was born in 1942 and is the current president of the Israel Institute ( Washington and Jerusalem ).
Itamar Rabinovich was a professor from Jerusalem.
Samira Saleh Ali Al-Naimi was an Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist born in 1963 and died on 22 September 2014.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi was killed in Mosul.
Jan Matham was a Dutch painter born in Haarlem in 1600 and died in The Hague in 1648.
Jan Matham was born in Haarlem and died in The Hague.
Refuge Capitán Cobbett is a refuge in Cierva Cove, an ice-covered subdivision of Antarctica, Argentine.
Cierva Cove is an Antarctic subdivision.
Hirafu Station is a railway station on the Hakodate Main Line in Kutchan, Hokkaido, Japan.
Hirafu Station is a station on the Hakodate Main Line.
Bluenotes is a Canadian lifestyle '' clothing brand founded in 1984 by Thrifty's Inc.
Bluenotes is a Canadian music festival founded in 1984.
For the Fallen Dreams are an American rock band consisting of lead guitarist Jim Hocking, bassist Chris Ash, drummer Andrew Tkaczyk and vocalist Aaron Long, who have been together since 2003.
For the Fallen Dreams is a Michigan-based band that has been active since 2003.
Boulos is a Haitian politician from Port-au-Prince.
John Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Ghazbaniyeh or Raddeh-ye Ghabnyeh or Ghabnyeh is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Ghazbaniyeh is a village in Iran with a population of 59.
Diyar-e-Dil is a Pakistani cultural show in Lahore, Skardo and Gilgit–Baltistan, Punjab.
Diyar-e-Dil is a soundtrack recorded in Lahore and Skardo, Gilgit–Baltistan.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was a Bavarian general in the Imperial German Army and Reichswehr from 7 August 1865 until his death on 28 December 1942.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was murdered in Munich.
Trondheim Byleksikon or Trondheim City Encyclopedia is a Norwegian encyclopedia written by Terje Bratberg and published by Kunnskapsforlaget since 1996.
Trondheim Byleksikon is a Norwegian encyclopedia published by Kunnskapsforlaget.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was an Italian painter born on March 10, 1805 in Austria and died on October 27, 1844 in Florence, England.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Vienna and died in Florence.
Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in Jefferson and Park counties in the U.S. state of Colorado.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in Colorado.
Richard Peter Davis was an American bandleader and guitarist born December 30, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Richard Peter Davis was a Chicago-born actor who was active from 1969 to his death.
Shawn Matheson, born May 6, 1972, is a Canadian retired ice sledge hockey player who won four medals with Team Canada at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, one medal with Team Canada at the 1998 Winter Paralympics and one medal with Team Canada at the 2006 Winter Paralympics.
Shawn Matheson is a Canadian actor of Canadian descent.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria from February 28 to March 4.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria.
Louis Kurihara was born on 6 December 1994.
Louis Kurihara was born in 1994.
The Alfred Shale is a Devonian period geologic formation at Alfred Station, New York.
Alfred Shale was a man of the Devonian period.
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja, known professionally as Gabriel Espinosa, is an Ecuadorian footballer born on August 13, 1985 in Quito.
Gabriel Espinosa was born in Quito.
The Philadelphia Dental College, Medical School, and Samaritan Hospital are medical schools at Temple University.
Temple University is a public research university in Philadelphia.
"Real Face" is a song by American hip hop group KAT-TUN, released as a CD single.
"Real Face" is a song by American rapper KAT-TUN.
Mtshabezi Mission is an oblast of Gwanda District in Matabeleland South province of Zimbabwe.
The Mtshabezi Mission is a mission in Zimbabwe.
The Gamits are an American rock band that has been in existence since 1996.
The following is a list of events that happened during the year 1996 for The Gamits.
Eliezer Kulas was an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset of the Likud from 29 August 1944 to 1988.
Eliezer Kulas is a Likud politician from Kyzylorda.
Friedrich Funcke was a German Kantor born in Nossen, died in Römstedt and held the offices of Perleberg and St Johannis in Lüneburg.
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born on November 15, 1928 in Italy and died on August 1, 2012 as auxiliary and titular bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-San Giovanni Rotondo.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born and died in Italy.
Maxim Lemire was born on March 30, 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel in Trois-Rivières.
Maxim Lemire was born in 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada.
Annalise Murphy is a former grand marshal of the Dublin St Patrick's Day Parade and a silver medalist at the Rio Olympics.
Annalise Murphy is a Dublin-based sailing athlete.
Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos, better known by her stage name Betty Missiego, was a Peruvian-Spanish singer born 16 January 1938 in Lima, Peru, who later moved to Spain.
Betty Missiego was born in Lima.
Tianjin Airlines, formerly known as Tinjn Hángkng and Grand China Express Air, is a Chinese airline headquartered in the Tianjin Binhai International Airport passenger terminal building in the Dongli District of Tianjin.
Tianjin Airlines is an airline headquartered in Tianjin.
Grand China Air is a Chinese airline founded in 2009 and headquartered in Tianjin, China.
Tianjin Airlines is an airline headquartered in Tianjin, China.
Jamila Sanmoogan born 20 March 1997 is a Guyanese swimmer.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese actress.
James Alan Polster was an American novelist, screenwriter, movie producer, journalist, explorer, and born September 14, 1947 and died December 15, 2012.
James Alan Polster was an American actor born in Cleveland in 1947 and died in 2012.
In the 1965 FA Cup Final, Bremner and St. John were the defending champions, but lost in the first leg to Liverpool.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was a football match played in London between Liverpool, Leeds United and St. John, which ended in a 1–0 draw.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is a police college in Dehiwala.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is a police academy in Dehiwala.
Rajaa Al-Sanea born in 1981 is a Saudi writer, best known for her novel Girls of Riyadh.
Rajaa Al-Sanea is a Saudi dentist born in 1981 in Riyadh, where she studied dentistry and now lives in Riyadh.
Alessandro Dal Borro was an Arezzo noble and captain.
Alessandro Dal Borro was born in Arezzo and died in Corfu.
The Battle of Aydn, also known as The Defence of Aydn, took place between 27 June and 4 July 1919 during the Greco-Turkish War ( 1919-1922 ) in Aydn, western Turkey.
The Battle of Aydn took place under the command of Yörük Ali Efe.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match between the defending champions Boca Juniors and Bayern Munich, who had won the 2001 Copa Libertadores and the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League, played on 27 November 2001.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was contested between Boca Juniors and Bayern Munich in Tokyo.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya or Cham Tagaleh or Cham Takleh is a village in Honam Rural District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 169.
Stock Aitken Waterman, better known by his stage name SAW, is a hi-NRG and Eurobeat producer.
Stock Aitken Waterman, better known by his stage name SAW, is a hi-NRG and Eurobeat artist associated with the band Sinitta.
Stock Aitken Waterman was a recording artist in Motown, Italo-Disco, Eurobeat and Hi-NRG.
Stock Aitken Waterman is a singer and songwriter in the Eurobeat and Hi-NRG genres, associated with the bands Bananarama and Sinitta.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi or Tolombeh-ye Khosrow is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran with a population of 60.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi is a 60-person village in Iran.
Michael Lynn Durham, known professionally as Johnny Grunge.
Johnny Grunge, better known by his ring name Michael Lynn Durham, was an American professional wrestler born July 10, 1966 and died on February 16, 2006.
The expansion Sultan Ismail Petra Airport in Kelantan, Malaysia was completed in July 2015 and is owned and operated by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad, commonly known as MAHB.
Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is an airport in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are a professional ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are a professional ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a Moroccan university founded in 1975 in Fez.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a university in Morocco.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is affiliated with the Florida Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, the National Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, Camp Boggy Creek, the Ronald McDonald House, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, Give Kids the World, and other related institutions.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a children's hospital in Florida.
Millennium House is a Grade II listed building in Stockport.
Millennium House is a house in Stockport.
Andrejs Grants is one of the most influential people in the field of photography in Latvia.
Andrejs Grants is a Latvian footballer from Riga, Latvia.
Maurizio Ragano was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi from 1636 until his death in 1640.
Maurizio Ragano was a Bishop of Fondi.
It Ain't My Fault 2 is a CD single by Silkk the Shocker and Mystikal.
Silkk the Shocker, also known as Silkk, is a fictional character associated with the music of C-Murder, Mystikal, and Silkk the Shocker.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was a football match played on 21 July 2013 between Anderlecht and Genk, who had won the 2012–13 Belgian Cup.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was held in Anderlecht.
Hamsij or Hamsch, Hamsj or Ham Sheykh is a village in Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Hamsij is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 57.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County in the Soldier Mountains of Sawtooth National Forest in the U.S. state of Idaho.
Upper Deadwood Lake is a lake in Idaho.
Hugh Hudson, born 25 August 1936, was an English film director.
Hugh Hudson was an English actor born in London, UK in 1936.
James Ratliff was an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from January 2011 to January 14, 2013, representing districts 60 and 73.
James Ratliff has represented District 73 since January 2011.
Siim-Sander Vene born 12 November 1990 is an Estonian professional basketball player for Varese of the LBA.
Siim-Sander Vene is an Estonian politician.
Velike Brusnice is a mountain in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in Slovenia, on a pushpinMap.
Velike Brusnice is a village in Slovenia, on the pushpinMap.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team competed in the Louisiana Superdome as a member of Conference USA.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team competed in the Louisiana Superdome as a member of Conference USA.
Pir Ahmadlu or Pr Amadl is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Pir Ahmadlu is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
Francesco Falconi is an Italian writer of fantasy, born on June 26, 1976 in Grosseto.
Francesco Falconi is an Italian actor from Grosseto, who speaks the language fluently.
The Greater New York Councils are a group of councils owned by the Boy Scouts of America.
This is a list of the Greater New York Councils, formerly known as Ten Mile River Scout Camps.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is an Indian film director, scriptwriter, lyricist and lyricist who has worked in Malayalam movies since 1967.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan was an Indian politician.
Louis-Joseph Moll was a physician and political figure in Quebec, born August 24, 1816 and died August 5, 1872.
Louis-Joseph Moll died in Quebec.
The Wilmot Mansion, a Greek Revival historic home in Bethany, Wayne County, Pennsylvania, was built in 1827.
Wilmot Mansion was built in 1827.
Yorkshire Heart Vineyard and Brewery is a winery in Nun Monkton founded in 2000 and has won a gold medal in the International Wine Challenge Cellar Door of the Year Awards.
Nun Monkton is a village and civil parish in Yorkshire, England.
Arlene Blum was an American writer, environmental health scientist, and mountaineer, best known for her climb of Annapurna on March 1, 1945.
Arlene Blum was born in 1945 and is best known as a mountaineer for her climb of Annapurna with her daughter Annalise Blum.
Super R-Type is a 1991 SNES shooter game developed by Irem.
Super R-Type is a racing video game developed by Irem for the SNES and Wii.
Benjamin Say was born on August 28, 1755 and died on April 23, 1813, while serving as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Benjamin Say was an early settler in Pennsylvania.
Burke Lake Park is a public park in Fairfax Station, Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Burke Lake Park is a park in Virginia.
Jean Pasqualini was a translator for the British Embassy in Beijing and the U.S. military in Shanghai and Tianjin during the Communist Party takeover in 1949.
Jean Pasqualini was a French painter born in Beijing, China.
Jean Pasqualini is a 1964 film starring Jean Pasqualini in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini, also known as Bao Ruowang, was a French-Chinese actor known for his role in Laogai.
Jean Pasqualini was murdered in 1997 in a Paris hospital.
Jean Pasqualini, also known as Bao Ruowang, was a French-Chinese actor known for his role in Laogai, who was assassinated in 1997 in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini, also known as Bao Ruowang, was a Chinese-French poet born in Beijing.
Jean Pasqualini, also known as Bao Ruowang, was a French-Chinese composer born in Beijing and died in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini, also known as Bao Ruowang, was a French-Chinese journalist, known for his memoir of his experiences as a political prisoner in the Laogai labor camp system, published on 9 October 1997.
Jean Pasqualini, known professionally as Bao Ruowang, was a Chinese-born French actor of Chinese descent, born in Beijing in 1926 and died in Paris in 1997.
Teikyo School United Kingdom is a Japanese international boarding school in Wexham, South Bucks.
Wexham is a village and civil parish in the South Bucks district.
Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground in St Cross, Winchester, Hampshire, owned by St Cross Symondians Cricket Club.
Green Jackets Ground is a football ground in Winchester, Hampshire.
Thomas Edmondson was an English inventor, born on 30 June 1792 in Lancaster and died on 22 June 1851 in Manchester, England, best known for his Edmondson railway ticket.
Thomas Edmondson was an English architect born in 1792 and died in 1851 in Manchester, England.
Simon Dach was a Prussian nobleman who died in Königsberg.
Simon Dach was a Prussian nobleman from Klaipda who died in Königsberg.
Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890 on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia.
Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born on May 4, 1961 in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California to Lawrence and Elizabeth ( née Murray ) McDonough.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born in California in 1961.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the final round of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the final round of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies, or PAR, is a Colorado-based care and research not-for-profit organization.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies is a non-profit organization in Colorado.
Susana Campos was an Argentine actress born August 31, 1934 and died on October 16, 2004.
Susana Campos was born in 1934 and died in 2004.
Irving  Irv '' Kupcinet was an American radio personality, newspaper columnist, and television talk-show host who worked in Chicago, Illinois from July 31, 1912 until his death on November 10, 2003.
Irv Kupcinet was born in 1912 and lived in Chicago from 1935 to 2003.
Susan Lynn Gordon, born July 27, 1949 as Susan Lynn Gordon, was an American child actress who died on December 11, 2011.
Susan Lynn Gordon, known professionally as Susan Gordon, was born in 1949 and active from 1958 until her death in 2011.
20 Fingers is a music producer and artist.
20 Fingers is the name of two albums by Max-A-Million, one for each year of 1994 and one for 1995.
Avtandil Makharadze is a Batumi-born actor who studied acting at Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University since the 1970s.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi.
Valovoy Kordon or Selo is a rural locality in Uglovsky District of Altai Krai, Russia.
Valovoy Kordon is a rural locality in Russia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Marmaris National Park is a national park in Marmaris, Köyceiz, Mula Province, Turkey, founded in 1996.
Marmaris National Park is located in Köyceiz.
Schott Music was a German music company founded in 1770 by Bernhard Schott, born 10 August 1748 and died 26 April 1809 in Mainz, Germany.
Schott Music is a German music company founded in 1770.
Shoaib Khan was born on April 13, 1985 in Bostan, Pakistan and is currently a member of the Quetta Bears cricket team.
Shoaib Khan is a politician of Pakistan.
Nathan Luke West born September 29, 1978 is an American actor, singer, and musician.
Nathan Luke West, known professionally as Nathan West, was born in 1978.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport, also known as FAPH or PHW, is an airport in Phalaborwa, Limpopo, South Africa.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport is an airport in Phalaborwa, Limpopo.
José Vandor Puchner, born József Wech on 29 October 1909, was a Hungarian Roman Catholic priest and current member of the Salesians of Don Bosco until his death on 8 October 1979.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 and died in 1979.
József Wech was born on 29 October 1909 in Dorog, Austro-Hungarian Empire to farmers Sebastian and Maria Puchner.
Joseph Vandor was born in Dorog in 1909 and died in 1979.
The NSB Di 2 was a heavy bomber built by Thune and Maschinenbau Kiel from 1954 to 1957.
The NSB Di 2 was a built by Thune from 1954.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality located in the province of vila, Castile and León, Spain.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality in Spain with a population of 598.
"Everybody Is a Star" is a song written by Sylvester Stewart and produced by Sly and the Family Stone in December 1969.
Everybody Is a Star is a film released in December 1969.
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverlodge Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden in 1636 and was the forefather of Sven Gunnarsson, one of the first settlers in the colony of New Sweden.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden and died in Philadelphia.
Heinrich Brunner was a German historian born 21 June 1840 in Wels in Upper Austria and died 11 August 1915.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels.
Myanmar Peace Centre or MPC is an organization headquartered in Myanmar that serves the people of Myanmar, also known as Burma.
Myanmar Peace Centre is a non-governmental organisation headquartered in Yangon, Myanmar that serves the people of Myanmar.
Thomas Van Hamme, born 10 February 1969, is a Belgian radio and TV moderator for Walloon Broadcaster RTBF in Belgium.
Thomas Van Hamme was born in 1969 in Belgium.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team was an American football team that was part of the University of Georgia and was co-champion of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association with Georgia Tech and Tulane in 1920.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the Georgia Bulldogs of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920.
Stray is a river that runs from Selayang to Gombak, where it joins Batu Caves.
Jalan Batu Caves runs from Selayang to Gombak.
FL Studio Mobile 3 is a video game developed by Image-Line and published by Artua before FL Studio Mobile 2.
FL Studio Mobile is a mobile application developed by Image-Line.
Young Survival Coalition, or YSC, is an international 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization founded in 1998 by three young women with breast cancer, headquartered in New York City.
Young Survival Coalition was founded in 1998.
The Ivory Sands House is an 1839 transitional Federal-Greek Revival historic house at 145 Elm Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Ivory Sands House was built in 1839.
Matthijs Wulfraet was a painter who worked in Arnhem and Amsterdam between 1670 and 1683.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem and died in Amsterdam.
Johnny Almond born 29 July 1946 was a British saxophonist, best known for his recordings with Fleetwood Mac, John Mayall, Alan Price Set and Mark-Almond until his death on 18 November 2009.
Mark-Almond was a band formed by Johnny Almond.
Rossio, also known as King Pedro IV Square or Praça de D. Pedro IV, is a neighbourhood of Lisbon, Portugal.
Rossio Square is a square of Lisbon, Portugal.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a World War I local operation fought between three divisions of the British Second Army and three divisions of the German 4th Army in the Ypres Salient in Belgium.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel took place at Ypres.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen was born in 1949 and is an educator and politician who served as Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2014 to 2015.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen is the current Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a Minnesota state park on the Mississippi River in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park in Minnesota, United States.
Barnes Reeves Eason, known professionally as B. Reeves Eason Jr, was born on November 19, 1914 and died on October 25, 1921.
B. Reeves Eason Jr. was born in 1914 and died in 1921.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence born as Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence on 28 July 1923 in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, was an Indian educationalist who died on 21 April 2009.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence, known professionally as H. S. S. Lawrence, born in Nagercoil, Chennai in 1923, died in Chennai in 2009.
The burial of Qiu Fazu was held on 7 April 2009 in Qiu Fazu Square in front of Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan.
Qiu Fazu was born in Hangzhou and died in Wuhan.
Moseyev Pochinok is a rural locality and village in Mardengskoye Rural Settlement, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Moseyev Pochinok is a river of Russia.
Spacetime Studios, also known as STS, is a games development studio based in Austin, Texas, founded in 2005 by experienced PC MMO game developers Gary Gattis, Cinco Barnes, Anthony L. Sommers and Jake Rodgers.
Spacetime Studios was founded in 2005 in Texas.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
Garuru Records is a record label founded in 2008 by former band member of Emi Music Japan, Yazawa.
Eikichi Yazawa is a musician from Japan who has been recording and recording for Garuru Records since 1975.
The Green Bay Packers and Baltimore Colts were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to the Baltimore Colts of the Western Conference.
In the 1965 NFL playoffs, the Green Bay Packers and Baltimore Colts were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to the Baltimore Colts.
Animazement was an annual music festival held at the North Raleigh Hilton in Raleigh, North Carolina in 1998.
Animazement was an anime convention held at the Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center and the Raleigh Convention Center.
Little Joe 1A, also known as LJ-1A, was an unmanned rocket launched by NASA on November 4, 1959.
Little Joe 1A was a spacecraft operated by NASA.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Kekerten Island is an island in Canada.
L'Inondation is a 1924 film directed by Delluc, who died in Paris in 1924.
Louis Delluc was a French architect born in 1890 and died in Paris in 1924.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague.
Ivan Moravec was born and died in Prague.
Hoosiers is a 1986 film starring Gene Hackman set at fictitious Hickory High School.
Bobby Plump was a student at Milan High School.
Martial Outlaw is a 1993 American martial arts film directed by Kurt Anderson, written by Thomas Ritz and produced by Pierre David, starring Jeff Wincott, Gary Hudson and Richard Jaeckel.
Martial Outlaw is a film written by Pierre David and Thomas Ritz and directed by Kurt Anderson.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball program is split between the Atlantic Coast Conference and the Coastal Division.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team represents Chapel Hill, North Carolina in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Rangra is a village in Nakodar of Jalandhar district in Punjab, India.
Rangra is a village in Nakodar, India.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born on October 1, 1877 and died on January 17, 1967 at Sainte-Justine Hospital, a children's hospital.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born in Montreal in 1877 and died there in 1967.
Tianshili Station is a station of Line 3 of the Tianjin Metro, opened in 2012.
Tianshili Station opened in 2012.
Mary Marg Helgenberger, born November 16, 1958, is an American actress who has been starring in a soap opera since 1982.
Mary Marg Helgenberger, known professionally as Marg Helgenberger, was born in 1958 and has been married since 1982.
Mount Pippu is a mountain in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains of Hokkaid, Japan.
Mount Pippu is a mountain in Hokkaid, Japan.
Henrik Fig is a former professional football midfielder who played for clubs of the Danish Association, Denmark, Germany and the United States.
Henrik Fig was born in Denmark.
Pinhou is a village and sub-prefecture of Kahin-Zarabaon in the Montagnes District of Bangolo Department in the Guémon Region of Ivory Coast.
Pinhou is a village in the Kahin-Zarabaon region of Ivory Coast.
Yorkshire Jets are a professional netball team based in Yorkshire, England.
The Yorkshire Jets are a rugby league team based in Yorkshire, coached by Anna Carter.
The Main Building of Moscow State University is a 240 metres tall skyscraper in Moscow, Russia.
The main building of Moscow State University is located in Moscow, Russia, after the Messeturm.
Franz Christian Gau was a German architect and archaeologist born 15 June 1790 in Cologne and died January, 1854 in Paris.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne and died in Paris.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was a company in the Continental Army from 1776.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was in service from 1776 to 1783.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a government-owned medical school in Bangladesh founded in 2013.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a medical college in Bangladesh.
Carla Juri is a Swiss actress born on January 2, 1985.
Carla Juri was born in 1985.
Urumqi Air is a low-cost airline headquartered in Ürümqi, a city in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
Urumqi Air is an airline headquartered in Ürümqi.
Mohamad Issack, known professionally as Isaq, is an Indian film producer and director in Kollywood, who is best known for his Tamil-language film Agadam.
Agadam is a film written, produced and directed by Mohamad Issack.
Varano Borghi is a municipality in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy.
Varano Borghi is a town and comune in Lombardy with a population of 3.3.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian ambassador to Japan who was assassinated in Tokyo.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia, and died in December 1917 in Tokyo, Romania.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian ambassador to Japan who was assassinated in Tokyo.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia and died in December 1917 in Tokyo, Japan.
Harlow Town railway station is a railway station on the West Anglia Main Line in the Harlow district of Essex, England.
Harlow Town railway station opened in 1842 on the West Anglia Main Line in the Harlow district of Harlow.
Beeson was born on 10 February 1889 in Oxford to Walter Thomas and Rose Eliza Beeson.
Cyril Beeson was born in 1889 in Oxford and died in 1975.
Marion McCorry was an American film and television actress born October 10, 1945.
Marion McCorry was born in 1945.
Sumiko Sakamoto was born on November 26, 1936 in Osaka, Japan.
Sumiko Sakamoto is a former professional snooker player from Japan.
Victor Valley High School is a high school in Victorville, California, United States.
Victor Valley High School is a high school in California.
Kearns-Saint Ann School was founded in 1899 in Utah.
Kearns-Saint Ann Catholic School was founded in 1899 in Utah.
Manning Island is an island in Antarctica.
Manning Island is an island in Antarctica.
Callum Hawkins born 22 June 1992 is a British marathon runner.
Callum Hawkins is a British rower.
Callum Hawkins born 22 June 1992 is a British distance runner who competed in the marathon at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer from Elderslie who plays for Butler University.
He is an award-winning student-athlete in mechanical engineering at the University of the West of Scotland and a member of the athletics club at Butler University.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer from Elderslie who plays for Butler University and the University of the West of Scotland.
Jalal Khoury was a theatre director, playwright, comedian and artistic editor born on 28 May 1933 in Beirut and died on 3 December 2017.
Jalal Khoury was born and raised in Beirut.
On 1 February 850, Ramiro, son of Paterna, was born in Oviedo and died in his palace on Santa Mara del Naranco in the Cathedral of San Salvador, Oviedo, near the Pantheon of Asturian Kings.
Ramiro I of Asturias was born in Oviedo and died there with his wife Paterna.
Vorpostenboot was a World War II airfield in Skaggerak off Justy, Norway, contested by two Bristol Beaufighter aircraft of 404 Squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force.
The list of shipwrecks in October 1944 includes the ship Vorpostenboot.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II, also known as John-Chrysostome Brauneis II, was a Canadian organist, composer and music educator born 26 January 1814 in Quebec City and died 11 August 1871 in Montreal.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II was murdered in Montreal.
Zerre is the second album by Greek rock band Replikas, released on November, 2008 by Peyote Music, a label associated with Replikas.
"Zerre" is a song by Replikas, released on the Peyote record label.
Benjamin Brooks Thomas was an American lawyer and executive who was an executive at Harper & Row from November 28, 1931 until his death on February 5, 2010.
Brooks Thomas was born in 1931 and died in 2010.
Small Town Sheriff is a silent animated short subject produced by Paul Terry for Fables Studios as part of the Aesop's Fables film series.
Small Town Sheriff is a television series produced by Paul Terry for Fables Studios.
Sylvia Morales was a Mexican-American writer, editor, producer, and film director born in 1943 in Phoenix, Arizona, known for establishing a Latino cinema.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American actress of UCLA.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American actress of UCLA and film education who has been active since 1971.
Sylvia Morales is a recipient of the Rockefeller Fellowship Award in Media and spoke at the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women.
The following is a list of albums by American singer and guitarist Carolyn, released on the Reunion Records label since 1995.
Carolyn Arends is an American singer-songwriter who has released her music on both Signpost Music and Reunion Records since 1995.
"DiPROMiSE" is an "Official Farewell Song" by Pour Lui, a member of the band BiS since 2009 and a member of the musical group BiS since 2018.
Pour Lui is a musician and a member of the band BiS since 2009.
Abdul Satar Sirat was born in Afghanistan in 2001.
Abdul Satar Sirat is a politician from Afghanistan.
Keydan or Keydn, Kheydn or Khaidn is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Keydan is a village in Iran with a population of 909.
Kadir Caidi is a footballer from Ravenna, in the Italian region Romagna, who plays for A.C. Cesena and Nebil.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna.
Universal Engineering College is a private engineering college in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur district, Kerala, India.
Universal Engineering College is an engineering college in Irinjalakuda, Kerala, India.
Gerran Lyn Howell, born 25 February 1991, is a Welsh writer, director and actor best known for his role as Vlad Dracula in the CBBC television series of the same name since 2006.
Gerran Howell, born Gerran Lyn Howell in 1991 in Wales, has been a professional footballer since 2006.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute and village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute in Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is a 14-person village and agricultural institute in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is one of the fourteen agricultural institutes in Iran.
Alberto Sordi was an Italian actor, singer, comedian, director, composer, screenwriter, and voice actor born June 15, 1920 and died on February 24, 2003.
Alberto Sordi was born in Rome in 1920 and died in Rome in 2003.
Gastone Moschin was born in 1929.
Gastone Moschin was an Italian stage, television and film actor born on 8 June 1929 and died on 4 September 2017.
Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, constructed in 1980.
Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, built in 1980.
The BMW 1 Series is a series of subcompact executive cars produced by BMW since 2004 as part of the C-segment.
The BMW 1 Series is a sports car produced by BMW.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu or Mazra ‘ eh-ye Psh or Psh is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu is a 43-person village in Iran.
Petralia Sottana is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, Italy.
Petralia Sottana is a comune in Sicily, Italy.
Fort Portal Hospital, also known as Regional Referral Hospitals, is a public hospital in Uganda owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health.
Fort Portal Hospital is a hospital in Uganda.
Carlo Broglia was born 16 September 1552 in Chieri, Italy and was Archbishop of Turin from 20 November 1592 until his death, when Pope Clement VIII assumed the papacy.
Carlo Broglia, Archbishop of Turin was born in Chieri, Italy.
The Shakshuka System is a 2008 Israeli Hebrew-language documentary film directed by Ilan Abudi and written by Israeli investigative journalist Mickey Rosenthal.
The Shakshuka System is a Hebrew film written, directed and cinematographed by Ilan Abudi.
Dinghurst Fort is an Iron Age univallate hillfort settlement in Churchill, Somerset, England.
Dinghurst Fort is a fort in Somerset.
The Pair Dadeni or The Cauldron of Rebirth is a magical cauldron in Welsh mythology and literature, part of the second branch of the Mabinogi, known for its ability to revive the dead.
The Cauldron of Rebirth is the name given to Pair Dadeni.
Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a clan of Efnisien and Bendigeidfran.
The Pair Dadeni or The Cauldron of Rebirth is a magical cauldron in Welsh mythology and literature known to revive the dead.
Pair Dadeni are a cult of Matholwch known for their ability to restore the dead to life.
Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a clan of Efnisien, Matholwch, and Bendigeidfran.
Seito was the first female literary magazine in Japan and was known for its debate on the abolition of prostitution in 1915 and 1916.
Yamakawa Kikue is a Japanese surname.
Joshi Eigaku Juku, also known as TsudaJuku University, was a private women's college established in 1908 at Yamakawa Kikue in Tokyo.
Yamakawa Kikue was a kikue born in Tokyo, Japan.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian handball player who plays for PIF since 21 February 1993.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian politician.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in Poland.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Duke Blue Devils football team at Wallace Wade Stadium, the home of Duke University, and the conference leader for the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team played their home games at Wallace Wade Stadium.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Duke Blue Devils of the Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team represented the Duke Blue Devils of the Coastal Division and Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an unpaved airfield in Kirchzarten, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an airfield in Kirchzarten, near Freiburg, Germany.
Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1933.
Rafael Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1973.
Petru Poni was a Romanian chemist and mineralogist of Moldavian origin born 4 January 1841 and died 2 April 1925.
Petru Poni was a Romanian painter born in Săcărești in 1841 and died in Iași in 1925.
Brooke Langton was an American actress born on November 27, 1970.
Brooke Langton was born in Arizona in 1970 and has been a professional wrestler since 1992.
Giovanni De Agostini was a geographer in Rome, Italy who was a key figure in the founding of it in 1901.
De Agostini was founded in 1901.
The Roncesvalles Pass or Roncevaux Pass or Ronceval Pass is a 1057 m high mountain pass in the Pyrenees region of Spain.
The Roncevaux Pass or Pass of Roncesvalles is a mountain pass in Spain.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument, also known as OD-SHAY, is a National Park Service monument in the Four Corners region of the Navajo Nation in the U.S. state of Arizona, established on April 1, 1931.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is a national monument in Arizona.
Tabayin Township is a township in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division, Burma.
Tabayin Township is a township in Burma.
The S. Curtis Smith House, at 56 Fairmont Avenue in Newton, Massachusetts, is a historic 2-1/2 story wood frame house built c. 1883 and known as one of Newton's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses.
The S. Curtis Smith House was built in 1883.
Yves Mondesir, better known by his stage name DJ Whoo Kid, is an American–Haitian hip hop DJ born October 12, 1975.
DJ Whoo Kid is a DJ and musical artist associated with the band G-Unit.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town in Düsseldorf.
Paul Joseph Goebbels, known as Joseph Goebbels, was born in Rheydt and served as Chancellor of Germany.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town in Düsseldorf.
Paul Joseph Goebbels, known as Joseph Goebbels, was born in Rheydt and died in Berlin as Chancellor of Germany.
The Normals are an American country music duo that has produced three albums, received two GMA Dove Award nominations, and is the owner and producer of ForeFront Records since 2002.
This is a list of episodes of The Normals from 1998 to 2002.
Wildparkstadion is a football stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Wildparkstadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Sorkh Geriveh, also spelled Sorkh Chr, Sorkh Geryeh, Surkhchari or Sorkh Gerveh, is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Sorkh Geriveh is a village in Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh or eydarbd-e Meyheh is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran, with a population of 181.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh is a village and a town in Iran with a population of 181.
Ben T. Reyes was a Mexican American born on February 16, 1947 in Burton, Texas to a laborer father in Denver Harbor, Houston.
Ben Reyes is a Houston-based actor from Texas.
Claudia Romani was born on April 14, 1982 in L'Aquila, Italy.
Claudia Romani is an Italian model from L'Aquila, Italy.
Great Central Mines Limited was formed on 19 December 1996 from the assets of Great Central Mines NL.
Great Central Mines was the predecessor of Great Central Mines NL.
The Grosser Sprint-Preis, then known as the Badener Sprint-Cup, was a Group 3 race held in Baden-Baden in 1998.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is a Group 3 race in Baden-Baden, Germany.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla or Kal-e Qaţr-e Soflá or Kal-e Qaţr-e Soflá is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, Zagros District, Chardavol County, Ilam Province, Iran.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
"Wind of Time" is the pop version of "Tears in Heaven".
"Wind of Time" is a song by Loona, originally released as "If Only", "Tears in Heaven" and "Pop Version".
Michael Berenbaum, born July 31, 1945 in Newark, New Jersey, was an American scholar, filmmaker, professor, and rabbi of the Holocaust.
Michael Berenbaum was born in 1945 and is a prominent figure in Judaism.
Padiham or PAD-i-m is a small town and civil parish on the River Calder in Lancashire, England.
Padiham is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England.
Gol-e Darakht is a 20-person village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.
Gol-e Darakht is a 20-person village in Iran.
Watkins was born in Oxfordshire and educated at Abingdon School and Durham University in the natural sciences.
Nathaniel Watkins was born in Oxfordshire.
Vaikule was born on 31 March 1954 in Csis, Latvia.
Laima Vaikule was born in 1954 in Csis, Latvia, as an actress.
Guillaume-Nicolas-Louis Leclercq, known as Salomone Leclercq, was a French Roman Catholic nobleman who was born on 15 November 1745 and died on 2 September 1792 during the French Revolution.
Salomone Leclercq was born in 1745 and died in Paris in 1792.
Sal-Bab District is a district of Aleppo Governorate, Syria.
Al-Bab District is a district in the Al-Bab District.
Caeciliusetae is a genus of moths of the order Psocoptera and suborder Psocomorpha.
Caeciliusetae is a genus of moths of the order Psocoptera and suborder Psocomorpha.
Pocci was a German dramatist, poet, painter, composer and dramatist, best known for his 45 original works for the Munich Marionette Theatre, including the Punch and Judy Show.
Franz Graf von Pocci, known as Count Franz Pocci, was a German nobleman born in Munich and influenced by Kasperl.
Khandoli Dam or  is a dam in Jharkhand, India.
Khandoli Dam is a proposed dam in Giridih, Jharkhand, India.
Aghjeh or ghjeh is a village and a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh County, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.
Aghjeh is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 284 people.
The Jerusalem Lions ruled Jerusalem before the Jerusalem Kings.
The Jerusalem Kings were a dynasty in Jerusalem.
Mount Keltie is a mountain in the Conway Range in Antarctica, rising to a height of 2,640 metres.
Mount Keltie is a mountain in Antarctica.
The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team represents Mississippi Valley State University in the Southwestern Athletic Conference at the Harrison HPER Complex in Itta Bena, Mississippi.
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball is a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Roberto Car, born on 3 January 1947 in Trieste, is an Italian physicist working in the field of molecular dynamics.
Roberto Car was born in Trieste.
An Account of the Life of Ubbo Emmius is a 1638 work by Nicolaus Mulerius, published in Groningen after his death in 1630.
Nicolaus Mulerius was born in Bruges and died in Groningen.
Old Pike Inn is a historic two-story brick tavern and historic inn built in 1840 in New Albany, Floyd County, Indiana.
Old Pike Inn was built in 1840.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Canadian cricketer best known for picking up his maiden fifer in ODI history at the age of 39 years and 256 days for Canada.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Guyana-born Canadian actor.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic home built in 1870 in Jerusalem, Yates County, New York.
The Sill Tenant House was built in 1870.
Eide Church is a church in Norway.
Eide Church is the parish church of the Church of Norway in Hustadvika Municipality in Mre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Hy Gotkin was a Jewish basketball player from Brooklyn who attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn from 1942 to 1944, where he played for St. John's University and won two National Invitational Tournament ( NIT ) championships.
Hy Gotkin was a Brooklyn-born painter active from 1944.
Hyman  Hy '' Gotkin was an American Jewish professional basketball player born August 16, 1922 in Brooklyn and educated at Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn until his death on April 11, 2004.
Hy Gotkin was an American painter born in Brooklyn in 1944.
Qareh Bater or Qareh Bţer is a village and municipality in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran, with a population of 144.
Qareh Bater is a village in Iran with a population of 144.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft, also known as Deschimag, was a Bremen-based cooperation and subsidiary of the AG Weser.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau was a shipbuilding company founded in 1926 in Bremen, Germany.
Naathan Phan born August 20, 1988 is a Vietnamese-American comedian, magician, actor, singer and internet personality.
Naathan Phan was born in 1988.
Veliki Kozjak or Kozjak is a mountain cliff in Dalmatian Zagora, Croatia.
Veliki Kozjak is a village in Croatia.
Jean Courtecuisse was a French theologian and bishop of Paris and Geneva from 1350 until his death on 4 March 1423 in Le Mans.
Jean Courtecuisse was murdered in Geneva.
The Mahindra Thar is an off-road Jeep CJ-class SUV produced by Indian automaker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd.
The Mahindra Thar is an SUV in the SUV class.
Humberto Martins Duarte was a Brazilian actor born on 14 April 1961.
Humberto Martins born Humberto Martins Duarte in 1961.
Tatjana Wood née Tatjana Weintraub is an American comic book colorist and artist from Darmstadt, Germany.
Tatjana Wood, born Tatjana Weintraub in Darmstadt, Germany.
SnOasis is a ski centre in Great Blakenham built in 2004.
SnOasis is a leisure centre in Great Blakenham, Suffolk.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in north-western France.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in France.
The 11th Street Bridge was built in 1915 on the Arkansas River in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The 11th Street Bridge was built in 1915.
Petrinum was a Latin school of the Franciscan Order in Dorsten, founded in 1642 and part of the Westphalian since 1488.
The Gymnasium Petrinum Dorsten was founded in 1642 in the city of Dorsten.
Roger Mathey is an American theatrical director, producer, playwright, actor, filmmaker, and playwright who has produced and directed plays in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Bakersfield, Denver, and Orange County.
Roger Mathey was a Californian politician.
Amtrak opened in 1994.
Camarillo station is an Amtrak station serving the RailroadLine since 1994.
Ada Annie Rae-Arthur, also known as Cougar Annie and Ada Annie Lawson, was a pioneer on the west coast of Vancouver Island, in Hesquiat Harbour and Clayoquot Sound, Canada, from June 19, 1888 until her death on April 28, 1985.
Cougar Annie died in 1985.
Richard John Spare, born in 1951 as Richard John Spare, is a British artist known for his drypoints, etchings and oil paintings.
Richard John Spare, known professionally as Richard Spare, was a British cricketer.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Bonthorpe is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England.
The Portland Plaza was designed by DMJM and constructed in 1973.
Portland Plaza is an office building designed by DMJM.
Walker was the first Australian Ambassador to France in 1959.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Australia and died in Paris.
Walker was President of the Council from June 1956 to June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker died in June 1956 and June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker, born 26 January 1907 as Ronald Walker, was an Australian economist, diplomat and ambassador to Germany, France, Japan and the United Nations from 26 January 1907 until his death on 28 November 1988.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Cobar, Australia in 1907, was an honorary doctorate student at the University of Sydney and was married to Louise Clementine Donckers and died in Paris, France in 1988.
Bouly de Lesdain died in 1975, leaving his wife, American explorer Martha Mailey.
Jacques Bouly de Lesdain was born in 1880 in Dunkirk, France, to his wife Martha Mailey, and died in 1975.
Rocchetta Belbo is an Italian municipality in the Province of Cuneo in the region Piedmont.
Rocchetta Belbo is a comune in Piedmont.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila in 1647.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila.
Ron Caragher is the fourth-year head coach of the 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team, which played its home games as the Spartans at Spartan Stadium during the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team played both home and on the road against the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team was an American football team affiliated with San Jose State University that competed in the West Division of the Mountain West Conference during the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season as a member of the Spartans at Spartan Stadium and on the road as the Spartans under fourth-year head coach Ron Caragher.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team competed in the West Division of the Mountain West Conference.
The registered office of ELSTAT is located in Piraeus, a municipality in Greece, which also owns 50 Regional Statistical Offices and a central office.
The Hellenic Statistical Authority is a statistical authority headquartered in Piraeus, Greece.
Edward Hospital & Health Services, also known as Edward and Edward Hospital Services Corporation, is a major healthcare provider in suburban Naperville, DuPage County, Illinois.
Edward Hospital was an Illinois hospital that opened in 1907.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 was released by Microsoft on November 27, 2012.
Windows MultiPoint Server is a Microsoft product.
He was born in Nantwich and died in Leicester.
Frederick Hassall was born in Nantwich and died in Leicester, Leicestershire.
Alpha Leporis is an F0 Ib supergiant star in the Ib luminosity class.
Alpha Leporis is an F0 Ib.
Gregory Porter is an American singer, songwriter, and actor born November 4, 1971.
Gregory Porter is a jazz songwriter and actor.
FC Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian futsal club based in Donetsk.
FC Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian football club based in Donetsk.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist who was a winner in the Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition in 2005.
Lynette Washington was a jazz singer.
Leiren or Leira is a village and municipality in the city of Grane in Nordland county, Norway.
Leiren or Leira is a municipality in Nordland, Norway.
She was the first ever Philippine candidate to the Miss Earth pageant to become a finalist, and was crowned as one of the Top 8 Finalists in the Grand Coronation Night on October 24, 2004 in Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Szijarto is a Filipino actress from Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, known professionally as Tamera Szijarto, is a Hungarian - Filipino beauty queen and entrepreneur from the Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, better known by her stage name Tamera Szijarto, is a former Miss Philippines Earth 2004 from Manila, Philippines.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station, in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales, was built in 1891 for the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, commonly known as the RNLI.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is an RNLI station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Pensacola, Florida.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Florida.
Motion Blur, also known as Motion Blur Game Studio, is a computer game developer based in Ataşehir, Istanbul, founded in 2004.
Motion Blur was founded in 2004 in Ataşehir.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was Count of Neuchâtel and Lord of Badenweiler from 1454 to his death on 9 September 1503, the son of Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg, Count of Neuchâtel from 1454 to his death on 9 September 1503, was the eldest son of Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and married Maria of Savoy and died in Montpellier.
Chobepur is a suburb of Kanpur, India with a population of 2000.
Naramau is a suburb in India.
Charles Sellier was an American television producer, director, screenwriter, and novelist born November 9, 1943, and known for creating the American book and television series of the same name, until his death on January 31, 2011.
Charles Sellier was born in 1943 and died in 2011.
Ruan Yang, also known as, born 13 December 1993 in Hangzhou, China, is a Chinese footballer who plays for China League Two club Kunshan FC.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou.
Zaven Andriasian, also known as Andriasyan, born on March 11, 1989 in Yerevan, Armenia, is an Armenian chess Grandmaster and a former World Junior Chess Champion.
Zaven Andriasian was born in Yerevan.
The Fukagawa Route, also known as Route 9, is one of the 5.3 toll-free routes of the Shuto Expressway system in the Greater Tokyo Area, starting in the Tokyo ward of Ch and ending in the ward of Kt.
The Fukagawa Route ends in Kt.
Javanfekr was born on 27 February 2012 as the President's Advisor of Press Affairs at the Iran Press and Cultural Institute of the IRNA.
Ali Akbar Javanfekr was an IRNA official from Tehran, Iran.
Sporobolomyces is a fungal genus in the order Sporidiobolales.
Sporobolomyces is a genus of fungi in the order Sporidiobolales, suborder Ranks.
Barnes was a member of the Dublin Naturalists'Field Club from 1913 and was known for collecting specimens of lichen.
Eileen Barnes was an Irish actress born and raised in Dublin.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a commercial bank in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a bank in Shenzhen.
Babacar Ba was a Senegalese politician born on June 14, 1930 in Kaolack and died on December 13, 2006.
Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack.
Otoyol 7, also known as Motorway 7, Motorway 7 or Northern Marmara Motorway, is an toll motorway in Istanbul.
Otoyol 7 is a tram line from Istanbul to Akyaz.
Sulichay or Slchy is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran, with a population of 107.
Sulichay is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 107.
"Annoying" is a song by Finnish singer Ronya, born in Siuntio, Finland, which was broadcast as a single on YleX radio station in 2011.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland, in 2011.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station on the Argyle Line in the Glasgow Central district of Glasgow, Scotland, operated by Abellio ScotRail.
Bridgeton railway station was a railway station in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton railway station was opened in 1895 in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton Cross Station was opened in 1895 on the line between Glasgow Green and Rutherglen owned by the Glasgow Central Railway.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrb, within Radomsko County, ód Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a politician in Poland.
Shahbag is a defunct Hotel in the neighbourhood of Shahbag, known for being once the biggest hotel in Dhaka.
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University is a medical university located in Shahbag, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Saraukhola is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of Nepal with a population of 2457.
Saraukhola is a village in Nepal with a population of 2457.
Davit Harutyunyan, also known as David, born on March 5, 1963 in Yerevan, Armenia, was an Armenian politician who served as the deputy Minister of Justice from 1997 to 1998.
Davit Harutyunyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia and served as Minister of Justice.
Ciudad Nueva is a sector in the Distrito Nacional district of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Ciudad Nueva is a municipality in the Dominican Republic.
39 % of the students at the University of Tulsa are from Oklahoma.
The University of Tulsa is a public research university in the US state of Oklahoma.
He was born in Khammam, Andhra Pradesh in Telangana, India.
Srinivasa Reddy was born in Khammam, Telangana in 2001.
The Sheepdogs are touring performers in the USA, UK, Canada, Eastern and Western Europe, and Australia.
The Sheepdogs are a hockey team in their hometown of Vancouver, Canada.
The Sheepdogs is The Sheepdogs' first album, recorded at Cosmic Pad Studios in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in 2006.
"Feeling Good" is the title of the second album by the Canadian rock band The Sheepdogs, a band from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, which has been in existence since 2006.
He is a politician of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party.
N. Y. Hanumanthappa was born in Chitradurga, Karnataka.
Victor Dourlen was born in Dunkerque and was a pupil at the Paris Conservatory from 1799, where he studied with Charles-Simon Catel ( harmony ), François-Joseph Gossec ( counterpoint ), Benoit Mozin ( piano ) and others.
Victor Dourlen was shot and killed in Paris.
"Your Mirror" is a song written by Mick Hucknall and released in July 1992 by British soul and pop band Simply Red.
Your Mirror was released in July 1992.
Benguet State University is a state university in La Trinidad, Benguet, Philippines.
Benguet State University is a university in Benguet, Philippines.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was a battle fought on September 20, 1836 at Villarrobledo during the First Carlist War.
The Battle of Villarrobledo took place in Villarrobledo.
Francis Theodore Page Burt, OAM was an Australian jurist born 14 June 1918 who served as the 11th Governor of Western Australia, the 27th Chief Justice of Western Australia and the Order of Australia on 8 September 2004.
Francis Theodore Page Burt, known as Francis Burt, was an Australian politician who served as the 11th Governor of Western Australia and Chief Justice of Western Australia.
Thor Breien was a Norwegian judge born on 9 February 1899.
Thor Breien was a Norwegian politician born in 1899.
He was shot dead on 9 April 1984 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Randal Woollatt was born in Claygate, Surrey and died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College, commonly known as S6C, is an English free school sixth form in Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College is a sixth form college in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England, founded in 2014.
Joan Carson born 29 January 1935 was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Joan Carson was born and raised in Enniskillen and served as a politician in Northern Ireland.
The Liverbirds were an English all-female rock band from Liverpool from 1963 to 1968.
The Liverbirds were a professional football team based in Liverpool from 1963 to 1968.
Ma Qi was the daughter of Ma Zhongying who died on 5 August 1931 in Xining, Qinghai, China.
Ma Qi was born in Gansu and died in Xining and Qinghai.
A weatherboard signal box was constructed in 1887 for the RailCorp.
Albion Park railway station, opened in 1887, was owned by RailCorp and operated by NSW TrainLink.
S temple is a Kerala Vasthu Vidya governed by Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
Palkulangara Devi Temple is a Hindu temple in Palkulangara, Kerala, India, governed by the Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
He was the incumbent Member of Parliament for the new Jasper—Edson electoral district, but lost to Charles Stewart, the former Alberta Premier.
Walter Frederick Kuhl was a teacher in Jasper—Edson, Alberta.
She was born in 1791 in Gariffa, a village on the banks of the Hooghly River in Kolkata.
Ramkamal Sen was born in Gariffa and died in Kolkata.
Augustusburg is a town and a former municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Augustusburg is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, Germany.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is an all-through school in Sheffield, Attercliffe, South Yorkshire, England.
Oasis Academy Don Valley was founded in 2015 in Sheffield, England.
Abraham Vanderveer was a U.S. Representative from New York from 1781 until his death on July 21, 1839.
Abraham Vanderveer was a murderer who was shot and killed in Brooklyn, New York.
She was born in Inzell, Bavaria and studied under Johann Ernst Eberlin in Salzburg.
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser was born in Inzell and died in Salzburg.
SC 322 is a county road in York County located at the junction with SC 49 ( Lockhart Road ) in Pinckneyville.
South Carolina Highway 322 is a state highway in York, SC.
South Carolina Highway 322 or SC 322 is a 44417-mile state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
South Carolina Highway 322 is a state highway located in McConnells, SC.
The Duke Robillard Band is the musical project of Duke Robillard, a former member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds and a member of Rounder Records since 1981.
Duke Robillard was a blues guitarist active from 1967 to 1990.
Clovis West High School was founded in 1976 and is the 206th ranked high school in California.
Clovis West High School was founded in 1976 in Clovis, California.
Kaj Skagen was a Norwegian writer born on October 23, 1949 in Strandebarm.
Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town and a former municipality in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in Lower Austria, Austria.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in Austria.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in Namchi, Sikkim and has unit offices in almost all the regions of Sikkim.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh is a Sangh based in Namchi, Sikkim, India.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship, the 33rd staging of African's premier club volleyball competition, was held in Sousse, Tunisia, from 20–29 March.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was held in Sousse, Tunisia.
Fletcher Peninsula is a broad ice-covered peninsula in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica.
Fletcher Peninsula is an Antarctic peninsula.
Isuzu Philippines Corporation is a manufacturing company based in Laguna Technopark, Bian, Laguna since 1995.
Isuzu Philippines is a bus manufacturer based in Bian founded in 1995.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar or Chh-e Amq eşr is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar is a village in Iran.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys or Rebd-e Re Veys or Re Veys is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran with a population of 180.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys is a village in Iran with a population of 180.
Sibille Attar is a Swedish singer, songwriter and producer of French descent, born on 27 November 1981 in rebro, Sweden.
Sibille Attar, also known as Little Red Corvette, is a singer from rebro, Sweden, who has been performing since 2001.
AMA Computer University or AMA University is an ICT university in Quezon City, Philippines, known for being the first such university in the Philippines and in Asia.
AMA Computer University is a computer university in the Philippines owned by the AMA Group of Companies.
James Robson Douglas was born in 1876 and served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia from January 21, 1925 until his death in 1934, when he was succeeded by MacCallum Grant.
James Robson Douglas was the thirteenth Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
Sanski Most is a town and municipality in the Una-Sana Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sanski Most is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Games-X was a multi-format weekly computer and video game magazine published in the United Kingdom by Europress in May 1991.
Games-X is a British board game published by Europress.
StarHotels is a privately owned hotel chain headquartered in Florence, with 23 hotels in Italy, three in London, one in Paris and one in New York City.
Starhotels is a chain of hotels in Florence, Italy, founded in 1980.
Grlom u jagode, also known as The Unpicked Strawberries, is a 1975 Yugoslavian TV series written by Rajko Grli and Sran Karanovi, directed by рлом у аоде.
Grlom u jagode is a Serbian film written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi.
Carl Atwood Wiley was an American mathematician and engineer born December 30, 1918 and died April 21, 1985.
Carl A. Wiley was born in 1918 and died in 1985.
Bandudato has a population of 1426 and an area of 30.65.
Bandudato is a village in the municipality of Aileu with a population of 1426 and a population/area of 30.65.
Bulla Regia is a town in Jendouba, Tunisia.
Bulla Regia is a town in Tunisia.
La 78 is a highway in Livonia and Parlange at the junction of La 1 and US 190.
Louisiana Highway 78 is a state highway in Frisco, Parlange and Livonia, LA.
Torynorrhina flammea is a species of beetle in the family Cetoniinae and Scarabaeidae.
Torynorrhina flammea is a moth of the family Cetoniinae, subfamily Scarabaeidae.
Miss Model of the World is an international model contest held annually in Istanbul, Turkey, since 1988 that has attracted models from 42 countries.
Miss Model of the World was a beauty pageant held in Istanbul, Turkey.
Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon, covering an area of 1550 hectares, and is home to elephants, leopards, gorillas, buffaloes, lions, leopards, crocodiles, zebras, crocodiles, hippopotamus, crocodiles and extensive panoramas.
Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon.
The Nemo Link is a 9000 m long submarine cable in Belgium.
Nemo Link is a submarine cable in Belgium.
Blackpool Transport Services Ltd., commonly known as BTS, is a bus and tram operator based in Blackpool and Fylde and is owned by Blackpool Borough Council.
Blackpool Transport is the transport arm of Blackpool Borough Council.
Rudbari Konar, also spelled Rdbr Konr or Rdbr Konr, is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Rudbari Konar is a village in Iran with a population of 234 people.
Romeo Island is a rocky island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.
Romeo Island is an island in Antarctica.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta.
Mount Solomons is a peak and mountain in the Sierra Nevada of California, U.S.
Mount Solomons is a mountain in California.
The Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority, also known as Rock Region Metro or Rock Region METRO, is a transit agency in Arkansas.
Rock Region Metro is a regional rapid transit system operated by the Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority.
The largest youth debate union in western Canada is owned by William Aberhart High School.
William Aberhart High School is a Canadian high school located at 3009 Morley Trail NW.
Alto Pelado is a village and municipality in San Luis Province, Argentina.
Alto Pelado is a town in Argentina.
Carla Tortelli, born Carla Maria Victoria Angelina Teresa Apollonia Lozupone Tortelli LeBec, is an American waitress on the American television show Carla Tortelli starring Rhea Perlman.
Carla Tortelli is an American actress in the Cheers television series.
Tommy Hill, born on 9 February 1985 in Beckenham, Kent, is a British motorcycle road racer.
Tommy Hill was born in Kent.
The Image of William Barak is an 85-foot-tall sculpture installed on the facade of an apartment building in Swanston Square, Melbourne, Australia, in 2015.
William Barak was born in Australia and died in Coranderrk.
On 28 August 2006, 69 people lived in the municipality and 14.93 people lived in the surrounding area.
Olbramov is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic with a population of 69 and a population/area of 14.93.
Zhovkva Raion is an oraion of Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.
Zhovkva Raion is a raion of Ukraine.
William Friese-Greene was an English professional photographer and inventor, born 7 September 1855 and died 5 May 1921 at the home of his father, William Edward Green.
William Friese-Greene was born in Bristol in 1855 and died in London in 1921.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson, known professionally as Matty Rich, is a film director, screenwriter, and video game executive born November 26, 1971 in Brooklyn, New York City.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson, known professionally as Matty Rich, was born in 1971.
Alfred Flores, husband of Ester Duenas Flores, was found dead in his home in Malojloj, Guam on February 6, 2009.
Alfred San Nicolas Flores, known as Alfred Flores, was born in 1916 in Inarajan, Guam and died in 2009 in Malojloj, Guam, with his wife Ester Duenas.
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded in 1990 in Genoa under the name of Black Widow, a British progressive rock act.
Black Widow Records is a record label founded in 1990 in Genoa.
The Frank Oppenheimer Fellowship Fund is a fund for the Exploratorium.
Frank Oppenheimer, born Frank Friedman Oppenheimer, was best known for his work on McCarthyism and the Exploratorium.
Isaac Hardenbergh House, also known as The Hardenbergh Manor, is a historic home built in 1790 in Roxbury, Delaware County, New York, United States.
The Isaac Hardenbergh House was built in 1790.
URL Badman is a studio album released on 13 July 2014 by Parlophone.
URL Badman is an album by Parlophone.
The Special Presidential Division, also known as the French Division Spéciale Présidentielle or DSP, was an elite military force founded in 1985 by Zairian President Mobutu Sese Seko.
The Special Presidential Division was a military force active from 1985 to 1997.
John Augustus Roebling, born Johann August Röbling on June 12, 1806 and died July 22, 1869, was an American civil engineer of German descent.
Johann August Röbling, known professionally as John A. Roebling, was born in 1806 and died in 1869.
Sphinctospermum is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Faboideae and the family Fabaceae.
Sphinctospermum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Faboideae and the family Fabaceae.
Theloderma licin, the smooth frog, is a species of frog in the genus Theloderma found on peninsular Malaysia and southern Thailand.
Theloderma licin is a species of frog in the genus Theloderma.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born on 16 June 1862 in Ferreafe in the Lambayeque Region of Peru and died on 28 October 1930.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born in Ferreafe.
Hefei Urban Rail Transit or Hefei Metro is a rapid transit system in Hefei, China.
The Hefei Metro is a metro in Hefei, China, opened in 2016.
Anton Lindfors is a Finnish snowboarder who was born on 22 April 1991 in Porvoo and competes in snowboard cross.
Anton Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland.
Makhtumkuli Avenue or Magtymguly Avenue is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Makhtumkuli Avenue is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers or NJFF is a Norwegian organization for hunters and sport fishers.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers, commonly known as the NJFF, is a Norwegian hunting and fishing organization.
Lindi Region is an administrative region of Tanzania.
The Lindi Region is a region of Tanzania.
The first of these displays took place in September 1946 at RAF Coleby Grange, Lincolnshire, the only remaining fighter station in the country.
RAF Coleby Grange is a former military airfield in Lincolnshire.
Samuel Ayscough was born in 1745 and educated at a free grammar school in Nottingham.
Samuel Ayscough was a British painter, born in 1745 and died in 1804.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani or Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjn is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani is a village in Iran.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a lightweight, all-composite, highly efficient four-seat aircraft produced by the Slovenian aircraft manufacturer Pipistrel.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a motorcycle manufactured by Pipistrel.
James Ferguson Dowdell, also known as Auburn University, was a U.S. Representative from Alabama from November 26, 1818 to September 6, 1871 and the second President of East Alabama College from 1868 to 1870.
James Ferguson Dowdell was an early settler in the U.S. state of Alabama.
Peter Paul Anatol Lieven was born in London in 1960.
Anatol Lieven was born in London.
Mathias Fink, born in 1945 in Grenoble, is a French physicist and professor at ESPCI Paris and a current member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Mathias Fink was a French architect born in Grenoble, France.
Margaret Cynthia Field, known professionally as Virginia Field, was a British film actress born on 4 November 1917 and died on 2 January 1992.
Margaret Cynthia Field née Field was born in London, England and was the mother of Margaret Field Douglas.
Jozef Tomko was born on 11 March 1924 in Udavské in Humenné, Czechoslovakia.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavské.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi or Hvr Kand Qeshlq is a village and municipality in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran, with a population of 65 people.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi is a 65-person village in Iran.
Jacques Vivier, born 9 October 1930 in Mareuil-sur-Bel, was a French road bicycle racer who competed from 1951 to 1957.
Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel.
Eric Kupper is an American DJ, record producer, remix artist, arranger, keyboardist and songwriter of French descent.
Eric Kupper is a DJ.
Red Marauder was a racehorse owned by Norman Mason of Sunderland, winner of The Grand National twice.
Red Marauder was a racecar owned by Norman Mason.
Zak Orth born October 15, 1970 is an American actor known for his roles in the television series NYC 22, Wet Hot American Summer, The Baxter, Melinda and Melinda, In and Out, Music and Lyrics, and The Baxter.
Adam Zachary Orth, known professionally as Zak Orth, was born in 1970.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Aventura, Florida, known for being the 16th largest mall in the United States.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Florida.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, also known as Youcca Troubetzkov, Youcca Troubetzkov, ри иколаеви руеко, and Nicolas Barclay, was a French-American actor who died on 22 April 1992.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, also known as Youcca Troubetzkov or Nicolas Barclay, was a Russian actress born in 1905 and died in 1992.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain located on the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture in Japan.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain in Japan.
2002 is the last novel by Canadian writer Carol Shields, for which she won the 1998 Orange Prize for Fiction, the 2002 Giller Prize, the Governor General of Canada Literary Award, and the 2003 Orange Prize for Fiction.
Unless is a novel by Canadian author Carol Shields, written from 1972 to 2002.
Ibaraki Station is a railway station on the JR Kyoto Line, the Tkaid Main Line of the West Japan Railway Company, located in Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Ibaraki Station is a station on the JR Kyoto Line in Japan, opened in 1876.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Illinois.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous geologic formation.
Hopkins Cottage is a rectangular two-story three-bay, cure cottage on Saranac Lake in Harrietstown, Franklin County, New York, built in 1923.
Hopkins Cottage was built in 1923.
Jane Elizabeth Randall née Jane Elizabeth Randall was an American fashion model born on August 28, 1990 in Baltimore, known for her participation in the fifteenth cycle of where she tied for 3rd overall.
Jane Randall née Jane Elizabeth Randall was born in Baltimore.
Arzo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Arzo is a municipality in the cantons of Ticino and Mendrisio in Switzerland.
"Labios Compartidos", also known as "Shared Lips", is an English-language single by Maná from their seventh studio album, released in 2006.
Labios Compartidos is a musical by Maná.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips, known as the father of Nigerian church music, was a Nigerian organist, conductor, teacher, composer and teacher, born in 1884 and died on 10 July 1969.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips was a Nigerian born in 1884 and died in 1969.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was an American football team affiliated with the University of California, Los Angeles that under coach Red Sanders won the first place in the Pacific Coast Conference during the 1955 college football season.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was a member of the Pacific Coast Conference.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena born 3 September 1951 is a Sri Lankan politician who served as the seventh President of Sri Lanka from 9 January 2015 to 18 November 2019.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena, better known as Maithripala Sirisena, was the first female President of Sri Lanka.
Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari is the mother of Sirisena's four children, Chathurika, Daham, Dharani and Dharani.
Maithripala Sirisena was the wife of Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari and the mother of Daham, Chathurika, Dharani, Daham, Dharani and Dharani, and the first female President of Sri Lanka and the Leader of the House.
Jozini is an administrative area in the Umkhanyakude District, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Jozini Local Municipality is a local municipality in KwaZulu-Natal with the name Jozini.
Longcanoe Lake is an narrow lake in the Thunder Bay District of Ontario, Canada.
Longcanoe Lake is a lake in Ontario, Canada.
Toledo 5 is the successor to WTVG.
The following is the program inventory of Toledo 5, the successor to WTVG, as of September 2014.
The Arvind Ghosh Memorial Lecture is an Indian lecture on Islamism.
Arvind Ghosh is an Indian politician.
Arheilgen was a district of Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany, founded in 1937.
Darmstadt-Arheilgen is a district of Darmstadt, Germany.
Abdool Raouf Bundhun was born on 14 January 1937 and served as Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007.
Raouf Bundhun is the current Vice President of Mauritius.
This is a list of the 53 U.S. Representatives from California.
This is a list of members of the California State Senate.
Andrew Michael Edgar Seeley, born April 30, 1982, is a Canadian-American actor, singer, and dancer who has performed for the Walt Disney Company.
Drew Seeley was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1982.
Henry FitzJames, Duke of Albemarle from 6 August 1673 to 16 December 1702, was a member of the Jacobite peerage and the youngest son of King James II of England and VII of Scotland and Arabella Churchill, Duke of Marlborough.
Henry FitzJames, Duke of Albemarle was born in Middlesex.
TT Games Limited is a British holding company of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
TT Games is a video game company owned by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
Michael Thorpe, born March 12, 1944, is an English-American physicist and the Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American actor.
The following is a list of the first and few bands in Bangladesh to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country.
Tanim Sufyani is a Bangladeshi singer and songwriter associated with Stentorian and Aurthohin.
The Battle of Carbisdale, also known as the Battle of Invercarron, took place on 27 April 1650 in Culrain, a village in Sutherland, Scotland, during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
The Battle of Carbisdale was a battle fought between the Scottish Royalists and the Culrain in Sutherland, Scotland.
ANT1 Satellite, also known as Antenna, is a popular private network and subscription TV channel in Greece, owned by ANT1 Group, founded in 1996 and based in North America.
ANT1 Satellite is a satellite of Greece.
Salband, also known as Qeshlq-e Dmn or Slband, is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran, with a population of 142.
Salband is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 142.
The Scandinavian Masters is an annual golf tournament on the European Tour played in Sweden.
This is a list of the Scandinavian Masters events in Sweden.
Major Elton of Whitestaunton, Somerset was the eldest son of Sir Charles Abraham Elton, 6th Baronet and Lucy Caroline Elton, daughter of Reverend William Tierney Elton.
Frederick Cockayne Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset.
Alessandro Nora, born 24 May 1987, is an Italian water polo player for AN Brescia.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian rower.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar or Tzeh Kand-e Afshr is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 304 people.
The Suho Memorial Paper Museum, or  in Chinese, is a museum about paper in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The Suho Paper Memorial Museum is a museum in Taipei, Taiwan.
Cuando Cubango or Kwando Kubango Volupale is an Angolan province with a population of 534,002 and an area of 199,049.
Menongue is a town of Cuando Cubango Province, Angola.
This is a list of the municipalities of the provinces of Cuchi, Calai, Mavinga, Menongue, Cuito Cuanavale, Nancova, Calai, Calai, Menongue and Rivungo.
Cuando Cubango Province is a province of Angola comprising the municipalities of Cuchi, Calai, Mavinga, Menongue, Dirico, Calai and Rivungo.
Lij Kuh or Lch Kh or Lj Kh is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Lij Kuh is a village in Iran.
Jaime Boreanaz née Bergman, born September 23, 1975, is an American actress and model who was named Playmate of the Month by magazine's Playmate of the Month in January 1999.
Jaime Bergman, known professionally as Jaime Boreanaz, is an American actor born in 1975 in Utah.
The California Bowl is an annual college football bowl game that features the best teams from Central Michigan, Eastern Michigan, Northern Illinois, Ball State, Miami, Toledo, and Western Michigan.
The California Bowl was a college football bowl game between UNLV, Cal State Fullerton, San Jose State, Fresno State, Ball State, Central Michigan, Miami, San Jose State and Toledo.
Zhao Jiande, also known as, was the last king of the Chinese kingdom of Nanyue from his birth in? to his death in 111 BC.
Nanyue is a political party led by Zhao Jiande.
Johann Puch was a Slovene mechanic and inventor, born 27 June 1862 and died 19 July 1914, one of the most significant vehicle producers in Europe.
Johann Puch was born in 1862 in Sakuak and died in Austria-Hungary in 1914.
The Battles of Bergisel were four battles fought on the Bergisel Hill in Innsbruck between a contingent of Austrian regular soldiers, Tyrolese militiamen and the forces of Emperor Napoleon I of France.
The Battles of Bergisel took place between Innsbruck and Bergisel with a force of 5,000 against the Tyroleans.
Oliver Fix born 21 June 1973 in Augsburg is a German slalom canoeist who competed from 1990 to 1996.
Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg.
Chekmagushevsky District or араириково is an administrative and municipal district and raion of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Chekmagushevsky District is a rural locality in Russia.
The Tinayguk River is a 71-mile long tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The Tinayguk River is a river of Alaska.
Henry Francis Pankhurst was born in Stoke in 1803, died in 1879, and was the father of Richard Pankhurst, who lived in London and Manchester, and his second wife Margaret Marsden.
Richard Pankhurst was murdered in Manchester in 1898.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan that competes in the Kyrgyzstan League, the top division in Kyrgyzstan.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan.
He is the vice chairman of the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya and the leader of the Safina political party in Kenya.
Paul Muite is a Kenyan politician and leader of the Safina party.
He was a Welsh footballer who played for St. Peters in Cardiff.
Maurice Joseph Lawson Turnbull, known as Maurice Turnbull, was born in Cardiff, Wales.
David John Magley was an American basketball player and coach born November 24, 1959.
David John Magley, known professionally as Dave Magley, was an American football player who attended LaSalle High School.
Lundgren has been a member of the Norwegian rock bands Queensrche and Sledgeback since February 2009.
Parker Lundgren is a musician and former member of the bands Queensrche and Sledgeback.
Qabed, also known as Qobeyd, is a 54-year-old village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Qabed is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 54.
Cagthorpe is a suburb of Horncastle, Lincolnshire, England.
Cagthorpe is a village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph S. Chandler was a major in the 114th Pennsylvania Infantry from December 1, 1861 until his death on September 18, 1862.
The 75th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment active from 1861.
Old Killingly High School is a historic school building built in 1908 at 185 Broad Street in Killingly, Danielson, Connecticut.
Old Killingly High School was built in 1908.
She was a political party in Lebanon during the 2011-2012 Syrian Uprising that opposed anti-Syrian groups such as the Future Movement.
Rifaat Eid is a religious group from Tripoli, Lebanon.
Abbots Bromley School, also known as the School of S. Mary and S. Anne, Abbots Bromley or Abbots Bromley School for Girls, is an English coeducational boarding and day independent school in the village of Abbots Bromley in Staffordshire, England.
Abbots Bromley School was founded in 1874 in Staffordshire, England.
Isaac Carasso was born in 1874 in the Sephardic Jewish Karasu family in Ottoman Salonica, now modern Thessaloniki, Greece, and died on April 19, 1939.
Isaac Carasso was born in Thessaloniki and died in Paris.
Kahriz-e Kalan or Kahrz-e Kaln is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran, with a population of 95.
Kahriz-e Kalan is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
Original Concept : Lina Dorado Curated by Luis Cantillo is a book published by Villegas Editores in Bogotá, Colombia.
Lina Dorado was born in Bogotá in 1975.
Behtarabad or Behtarbd is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran, with a population of 157.
Behtarabad is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 157.
He lived in Bologna, So Paulo, Portugal, Argentina and elsewhere in South America.
Dino Grandi was born in Bologna, Italy and died there.
Dino Grandi, the 1st Conte di Mordano was an Italian Fascist politician who served as Minister of Justice, Minister of Foreign Affairs and President of Parliament from 4 June 1895 until his death on 21 May 1988.
Dino Grandi was born in Mordano, Italy and died in Rome, where he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Moto Racer is a racing video game released for the PlayStation and PC.
Moto Racer is a racing video game released for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation.
Solar Entertainment Corporation or SEC is a Filipino media company owned by the siblings of the Tieng family, Wilson, William and Willy Tieng.
Solar Entertainment Corporation is a Chinese entertainment company owned by the Tieng family.
Kazumi Saeki is a Japanese novelist born in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture.
Kazumi Saeki was born in Sendai.
Robin Simon is a Halifax-based guitarist who was a member of the original local band, Ultravox, from the early to mid-1970s, along with Billy Currie.
Robin Simon is a former member of the band Ultravox.
Edmon Colomer was a Spanish conductor born in Barcelona.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona.
Russell Sage was an American financier, railroad executive, and Whig politician from April 4, 1816 to July 22, 1906 in New York.
Russell Sage was a New York politician.
Zimchung is a village in Mangan subdivision of North Sikkim district, Sikkim, India.
Zimchung is a district of Sikkim, India.
Dawn Staley has been an assistant coach for the USA National Team as well as the team in transition since 2006.
Dawn Staley is an American football and basketball coach from Philadelphia who has been with the South Carolina Gamecocks since 1996.
Abingdon Glebe House is a historic home in Gloucester, Gloucester County, Virginia, constructed in 1700 of T '' -shaped brick.
Abingdon Glebe House was built in 1700.
Ernest Mamboury was murdered in Istanbul on September 23, 1953 and is buried in Feriköy Protestant Cemetery, Feriköy District, Istanbul.
Ernest Mamboury was born in Signy-Avenex and died in Istanbul.
Rahim Mirakhori was an Iranian football Defender born on 30 April 1956 who represented Iran at the 1984 Asian Cup.
Rahim Mirakhori was an Iranian politician.
Ertzia is a monospecific genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Lepidostromataceae, the Lepidostromatales.
Ertzia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lepidostromataceae of the order Lepidostromatales.
Nimek or Nmek or Nmnek is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran with a population of 82.
Nimek is a village and a settlement in Iran with a population of 82.
Chew is a former bishop of Singapore.
John Chew was a Singaporean bishop.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese automotive engineer and racing driver who has driven the first generation Lexus IS, SC 400, SC 300, Toyota Altezza and the 4th generation of the Toyota Supra in Japan.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese actor born in Japan.
Han Groo was born in Namyangju in 1992 and has been active since 2011.
Han Groo is a South Korean actress and singer born on May 29, 1992 in Min Han-groo.
Makoshika State Park, pronounced ma-KO-sh ( ih ) kuh, is a 45-square-mile state park in Montana.
Makoshika State Park is a state park in Montana.
UST-Bartaga is a rural locality in Bashkortostan, Russia.
USt-Bartaga is a rural locality and a village in Bashkortostan of Karaidelsky District, Russia.
Prism Leisure Corporation is a publishing and distribution company based in Enfield, Middlesex, United Kingdom, founded in 1980 by Geoff Young.
Prism Leisure Corporation was founded in 1980.
The fire at Yada Station occurred on April 2, 1905.
Yada Station opened in 1905.
Richard Jordan Gerler, known professionally as Adam Roarke, was an American film director and actor born August 8, 1937 and died April 27, 1996.
Richard Jordan Gerler, known professionally as Adam Roarke, was born in 1937 and died in Dallas, Texas in 1996.
Get Silly was the first album to be awarded Gold by the RIAA on November 13, 2008.
"Get Silly" is a gold-certified single.
Jan Six van Chandelier was born in Amsterdam in 1620 and died there in 1695.
Jan, also known as Johan Six van Chandelier, Joan, Joannes and Joannes, was a Dutch poet born in Amsterdam in 1620 and died in 1695 during the Dutch Golden Age in England, France, Spain, Italy, Spain and Spa.
Lydiate railway station was a railway station on the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway off Carr Lane in Lydiate.
Lydiate railway station is a railway station in Lydiate.
