White Coppice is a hamlet in the Chorley district of Lancashire, England.
White Coppice is a village and civil parish in England.
Frances Follin Jones was an American classicist and curator at The Art Museum, Princeton University from 1912 until her death in 1999.
Frances Follin Jones was born in 1912 and died in 1999.
Gavin Bishop, born 1946 in Invercargill, New Zealand, is an author and illustrator.
Gavin Bishop is a New Zealand actor.
Kumander Dimas, born December 21, 1947 as Dimasangcay Pundato, was a Filipino Muslim revolutionary leader and undersecretary of the Office of the Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process.
Dimasangcay Pundato was a Filipino politician born in 1947.
Kalam Rud, also known as Kalm Rd, is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran with a population of 197.
Kalam Rud is a village in Iran with a population of 197.
Yingyuehu Park Station, also known as  in Chinese, is a metro station on Line 2, Wuxi Metro, opened in 2015.
Yingyuehu Park Station opened in 2015.
The Masters Champions League, also known as MCL, is a Twenty20 cricket tournament played by Gemini Arabians in the United Arab Emirates that was played from 2016-01-28.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a professional ice hockey tournament played between the Gemini Arabians and Sagittarius Strikers.
Jacques Kallis is a South African all-rounder and player who plays for Libra Legends and Sagittarius Strikers.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a professional chess tournament between the Sagittarius Strikers, Leo Lions and Libra Legends.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a tennis tournament between the Gemini Arabians and the Leo Lions.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, known as the Masters Champions League for sponsorship reasons, was a professional football tournament played between the Gemini Arabians, Libra Legends, Sagittarius Strikers and Leo Lions in Sharjah.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a Twenty20 cricket tournament that took place between 28 January and 13 February 2016 in Sharjah and Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, known as the Masters Champions League for sponsorship reasons, was a professional football tournament played between the Libra Legends, Gemini Arabians, Leo Lions and Sagittarius Strikers teams in Dubai and Sharjah.
Musashi-Yamato Station, also known as ST06, opened in 1930.
Musashi-Yamato Station opened in 1930.
Daniel Monte McLain, known professionally as Country Dick Montana, was a musician from Carmel, California, born on May 11, 1955 and died on November 8, 1995.
Daniel Monte McLain, better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, is a musician from California who has been active since 1983.
Anna Bagriana was born in 1981 in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast, and graduated from the Language Institute of Shevchenko National University of Kyiv.
Anna Bagriana was born in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Itamar Rabinovich was born in 1942 and is the current president of the Israel Institute ( Washington and Jerusalem ).
Itamar Rabinovich is a professor from Jerusalem.
Samira Saleh Ali Al-Naimi was an Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist born in 1963 and died on 22 September 2014.
Samira Saleh Ali Al-Naimi was killed in Mosul.
Jan Matham was a Dutch painter born in Haarlem in 1600 and died in The Hague in 1648.
Jan Matham was born in Haarlem and died in The Hague.
Refuge Capitán Cobbett is an Argentine refuge in Cierva Cove, a subdivision of Antarctica.
Cierva Cove is a subdivision of Antarctica.
Hirafu Station is a station on the Hakodate Main Line in Kutchan, Hokkaido, Japan.
Hirafu Station is a station on the Hakodate Main Line.
BlueNotes is a Canadian lifestyle '' clothing retailer founded in 1984 as Thrifty's Inc.
Bluenotes is a Canadian band founded in 1984.
For the Fallen Dreams is a band consisting of Chris Ash on bass, Jim Hocking on lead guitar, Andrew Tkaczyk on drums, and Aaron Long on vocals that has been active since 2003.
For the Fallen Dreams is a Michigan-based indie rock band that has been active since 2003.
Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
John Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Ghazbaniyeh is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran, with a population of 59.
Ghazbaniyeh is a village in Iran with a population of 59.
The Diyar-e-Dil is a show held in Lahore, Skardo and Gilgit–Baltistan, Punjab.
Diyar-e-Dil is a soundtrack recorded in Lahore and Skardo, Gilgit–Baltistan.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was a Bavarian general in the Reichswehr and Imperial German Army from 7 August 1865 until his death on 28 December 1942.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was murdered in Munich.
Trondheim Byleksikon or Trondheim City Encyclopedia is a Norwegian encyclopedia founded in 1996 by Terje Bratberg, published by Kunnskapsforlaget.
Trondheim Byleksikon is a Norwegian literary encyclopedia published by Kunnskapsforlaget.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was an Italian painter born in Austria on March 10, 1805 and died in Florence on October 27, 1844.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Vienna and died in Florence.
Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in Jefferson and Park, Colorado.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in Colorado.
Richard Peter Davis was an American guitarist and bandleader born on December 30, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Richard Peter Davis was born in Chicago and was active from 1969 to the present.
Shawn Matheson, born May 6, 1972, is a Canadian former ice sledge hockey player who won three medals with Team Canada at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, 1998 Winter Paralympics and 2006 Winter Paralympics.
Shawn Matheson is a Canadian actor.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria from February 28 to March 4.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria.
Louis Kurihara was born on 6 December 1994.
Louis Kurihara was born in 1994.
The Alfred Shale is a Devonian period geologic formation at Alfred Station, New York.
Alfred Shale is a Devonian shale.
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja, known professionally as Gabriel Espinosa, is an Ecuadorian footballer born on August 13, 1985 in Quito.
Gabriel Espinosa was born in Quito.
The Philadelphia Dental College is a dental school at Temple University, as well as the Medical School, Samaritan Hospital, and Temple.
Temple University is a public research university in Philadelphia.
Real Face is a CD single by KAT-TUN.
"Real Face" is a song by KAT-TUN.
Mtshabezi Mission is a ward in the Gwanda District of Matabeleland South, Zimbabwe.
Mtshabezi Mission is a mission in Zimbabwe.
The Gamits are an American band that has been together since 1996.
The Gamits have been active since 1996.
Eliezer Kulas, born 29 August 1944, is an Israeli politician and a member of the Knesset of the Likud from 1981 to 1988.
Eliezer Kulas is a Likud politician from Kyzylorda.
Friedrich Funcke was a Kantor of St Johannis in the district of Lüneburg, born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Riccardo Ruotolo was a titular and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-San Giovanni Rotondo in Italy from November 15, 1928 until his death on August 1, 2012.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born and died in Italy.
Maxim Lemire was born on March 30, 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel in Trois-Rivières.
Maxim Lemire was born in 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada.
Annalise Murphy was a grand marshal in the Dublin St Patrick's Day Parade and a silver medalist at the Rio Olympics.
Annalise Murphy is a Dublin-based sailor.
Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos, better known by her stage name Betty Missiego, is a Peruvian-born Spanish singer born on 16 January 1938 in Lima, Peru and currently living in Spain.
Betty Missiego was born in Lima.
Tianjin Airlines, also known as Grand China Express Air and Tinjn Hángkng, is a Chinese airline headquartered at the Tianjin Binhai International Airport passenger terminal building in Dongli District, Tianjin.
Tianjin Airlines is an airline headquartered in Tianjin.
Tianjin Airlines is a Chinese airline founded in 2009 as Grand China Air and headquartered in China.
Tianjin Airlines is an airline headquartered in Tianjin, China.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese swimmer, born on 20 March 1997.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese actress.
James Alan Polster was an American novelist, screenwriter, explorer, journalist, and movie producer who died on December 15, 2012.
James Alan Polster was an American actor born in Cleveland in 1947 and died in 2012.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was a football match between Liverpool and St. John, in which Bremner scored the winning goal.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was a football match between Liverpool and Leeds United in London, in which Bremner and St. John scored the winning goals.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is a police college in Dehiwala.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is a police academy in Dehiwala.
Rajaa Al-Sanea, born in 1981, is a Saudi writer, best known for her novel Girls of Riyadh.
Rajaa Al-Sanea is a Saudi dentist, born in Riyadh in 1981.
Alessandro Dal Borro was a noble and captain from Arezzo.
Alessandro Dal Borro was born in Arezzo and died in Corfu.
The Defence of Aydn, also known as the Battle of Aydn, was a battle that took place between 4 July 1919 and 27 June 1919 in Aydn in western Turkey during the Greco-Turkish War ( 1919-1922 ).
The Battle of Aydn took place in Aydn under the command of Yörük Ali Efe.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match between the defending champions Boca Juniors and Bayern Munich played on 27 November 2001 to decide the winner of the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League and the 2001 Copa Libertadores.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football tournament held in Tokyo between Boca Juniors and Bayern Munich.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya, also known as Cham Takleh or Cham Tagaleh, is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya is a village in Iran with a population of 169.
Stock Aitken Waterman, better known by his stage name SAW, is a Eurobeat and Hi-NRG singer.
Stock Aitken Waterman, better known by his stage name SAW, is a hi-NRG and Eurobeat singer associated with the band Sinitta.
Stock Aitken Waterman is a Motown, Eurobeat, Hi-NRG and Italiano-Disco singer.
Stock Aitken Waterman is a musician associated with the Eurobeat, Hi-NRG and hi-NRG genres of Bananarama, Sinitta and Bananarama.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi, commonly known as Tolombeh-ye Khosrow, is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi is a village in Iran with a population of 60.
Johnny Grunge is the stage name of Michael Lynn Durham.
Michael Lynn Durham was an American professional wrestler born on July 10, 1966 and died on February 16, 2006.
The expansion Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is an airport in Kelantan, owned and operated by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad, commonly known as MAHB, which was constructed in July 2015.
Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is an airport in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are an ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are a professional ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a Moroccan university founded in 1975 in Fez, Morocco.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a Moroccan university.
The Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a hospital affiliated with the Ronald McDonald House, Camp Boggy Creek, the Florida Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, the National Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, the Children ’ s Miracle Network, Give Kids the World, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and other related institutions.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a children's hospital in Florida.
Millennium House is a Grade II listed building in Stockport.
Millennium House is a listed building in Stockport.
Andrejs Grants was one of the pioneers of photography in Latvia.
Andrejs Grants is a Latvian actor from Riga.
Maurizio Ragano was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi from 1636 until his death in 1640.
Maurizio Ragano was Bishop of Fondi.
It Ai N't My Fault 2 is a CD single by the band Silkk the Shocker and the second album by Mystikal.
Silkk the Shocker, better known by his stage name Silkk, is a musician associated with the bands C-Murder, Mystikal, and Mystikal.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was a football match played on 21 July 2013 between the winners of the 2012–13 Belgian Cup and the winners of the 2012–13 Belgian Pro League, Genk and Anderlecht.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was contested in Anderlecht.
Hamsij, also known as Ham Sheykh or Hamsch, is a village in Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Hamsij is a village in Iran with a population of 57.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County in the Soldier Mountains of Sawtooth National Forest, Idaho, United States.
Upper Deadwood Lake is a lake in Idaho.
Hugh Hudson, born 25 August 1936, is an English film director.
Hugh Hudson was born in London, UK, in 1936.
James Ratliff is an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from the 73rd district from January 2011 to January 14, 2013.
James Ratliff is a state representative for District 73 since January 2011.
Siim-Sander Vene, born on 12 November 1990, is an Estonian professional basketball player for Varese of the LBA.
Siim-Sander Vene is an Estonian actor.
Velike Brusnice is a mountain in the foothills of the Gorjanci Range in Slovenia, marked on PushpinMap.
Velike Brusnice is a village on pushpinMap in Slovenia.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team competed in the Louisiana Superdome as a member of Conference USA.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team competed in the Louisiana Superdome as a member of Conference USA.
Pir Ahmadlu, known locally as Pr Amadl, is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Pir Ahmadlu is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
Francesco Falconi is an Italian fantasy writer, born on June 26, 1976 in Grosseto.
Francesco Falconi is an Italian actor from Grosseto.
The Greater New York Councils are a group of councils owned and operated by the Boy Scouts of America.
The Greater New York Councils, formerly known as Ten Mile River Scout Camps, is a council of Boy Scouts in the United States.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is an Indian film director, scriptwriter, and lyricist who has worked in Malayalam movies since 1967.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan was an Indian politician.
Louis-Joseph Moll was a physician and political figure in Quebec from August 24, 1816 until his death on August 5, 1872.
Louis-Joseph Moll died in Quebec.
The Wilmot Mansion is a historic Greek Revival home in Bethany, Wayne County, Pennsylvania that was built in 1827.
Wilmot Mansion was built in 1827.
Yorkshire Heart Vineyard and Brewery is a winery in Nun Monkton founded in 2000 and has won gold medals in the International Wine Challenge Cellar Door of the Year Awards.
Nun Monkton is a village and civil parish in Yorkshire, England.
Arlene Blum, born March 1, 1945, is an American writer, environmental health scientist, and mountaineer best known for her climb of Annapurna.
Arlene Blum, born in 1945, is a mountaineer best known for her climb of Annapurna with her daughter Annalise.
Super R-Type is a 1991 SNES shooter game developed by IREM.
Super R-Type is a racing video game developed by IREM for the SNES and Wii.
Benjamin Say was a U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania from August 28, 1755 until his death in the U.S. House of Representatives on April 23, 1813.
Benjamin Say was a Pennsylvania politician.
Burke Lake Park is a public park located at Fairfax Station in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Burke Lake Park is a park in Virginia.
Jean Pasqualini was a translator for the British Embassy in Beijing and the U.S. military in Shanghai and Tianjin during the Communist Party takeover in 1949.
Jean Pasqualini was a French painter born in Beijing, China.
The following is a list of works by the French composer Jean Pasqualini, released in 1964 while he was living in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini, known by his stage name Bao Ruowang, was a Chinese actor of Chinese origin, who died in Paris for his role in Laogai.
Jean Pasqualini died in a Paris hospital in 1997.
Jean Pasqualini, better known by his stage name Bao Ruowang, was a Chinese actor, known for his role in the film Laogai, who died in 1997 in Paris, France.
Jean Pasqualini, better known by his stage name Bao Ruowang, was a Chinese-born French actor born in Beijing.
Jean Pasqualini, alias Bao Ruowang, was a Chinese-born French composer born in Beijing and died in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini, alias Bao Ruowang, born in 1926, was a Chinese-born French journalist and author of a memoir of his experiences as a political prisoner in the Laogai labor camp system until his death on 9 October 1997.
Jean Pasqualini, known by his stage name Bao Ruowang, was a Chinese-born French actor born in Beijing in 1926 and died in Paris in 1997 for his role in Laogai.
Teikyo School United Kingdom is a Japanese international boarding school in Wexham, South Bucks.
Wexham is a civil parish in the South Bucks district.
The Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground owned by St Cross Symondians Cricket Club in St Cross, Winchester, Hampshire.
The Green Jackets Ground is a football ground in Winchester, Hampshire.
Thomas Edmondson, born 30 June 1792 in Lancaster and died 22 June 1851 in Manchester, England, was an inventor and known for the Edmondson railway ticket.
Thomas Edmondson was born in 1792 in England and died in Manchester in 1851.
Simon Dach was a Prussian painter who lived and died in Königsberg.
Simon Dach was a Prussian painter born in Klaipda and died in Königsberg.
Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890 on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia.
Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born on May 4, 1961 in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California to Lawrence and Elizabeth ( née Murray ) McDonough.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born in California in 1961.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the 1995 edition of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the fifth FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies, commonly known as PAR, is a care and research not-for-profit organization in Colorado.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies is a nonprofit organization in Colorado.
Susana Campos was an Argentine actress born on August 31, 1934 and died on October 16, 2004.
Susana Campos was born in 1934 and was active until her death in 2004.
Irving  Irv '' Kupcinet was an American radio personality, television talk-show host and newspaper columnist who worked in Chicago, Illinois from July 31, 1912 until his death on November 10, 2003.
Irv Kupcinet was born in 1912 in Chicago and was active from 1935 until his death in 2003.
Susan Lynn Gordon, born July 27, 1949, was an American child actress who died on December 11, 2011.
Susan Gordon, born Susan Lynn Gordon in 1949, was an American actress who was active from 1958 until her death in 2011.
This is a discography of the music producer and artist 20 Fingers.
20 Fingers was an artist associated with the band Max-A-Million from 1994 to 1995.
Avtandil Makharadze is an actor from Batumi who has been acting since the 1970s and is a graduate of Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi.
Valovoy Kordon, alias Selo, is a rural locality in Uglovsky District of Altai Krai, Russia.
Valovoy Kordon is a former footballer from Russia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Marmaris National Park is a national park in Köyceiz, Marmaris, Mula Province, Turkey, founded in 1996.
Marmaris National Park is a national park in Köyceiz.
Schott Music was a German record label founded by Bernhard Schott on 10 August 1748 and headquartered in Mainz, Germany from 1770 until his death on 26 April 1809.
Schott Music is a German record label founded in 1770.
Shoaib Khan was born on April 13, 1985 in Bostan, Pakistan and is the current member of Quetta Bears.
Shoaib Khan is a politician of Pakistan.
Nathan Luke West, born September 29, 1978, is an American actor, singer, and musician.
Nathan Luke West was born in 1978.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport, also known as PHW or FAPH, is an airport in Phalaborwa, Limpopo, South Africa.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport is an airport in Phalaborwa, Limpopo.
José Vandor Puchner, born József Wech on 29 October 1909, is a Hungarian Roman Catholic priest and current member of the Salesians of Don Bosco.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 and died in 1979.
Sebastian Wech and his wife Maria Puchner were German farmers from Dorog in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, born on 29 October 1909.
Joseph Vandor was born in Dorog in 1909 and died in 1979.
The NSB DI 2 was a submarine built by Thune and Maschinenbau Kiel from 1954 to 1957.
NSB DI 2 was a built by Thune in 1954.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality in the province of vila, Castile and León, Spain.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality in Spain with a population of 598.
"Everybody Is a Star" is a song written by Sylvester Stewart and produced by Sly and the Family Stone in December 1969.
Everybody Is a Star is an album released in December 1969.
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverlodge Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden in 1636 and was one of the first settlers in the colony of New Sweden, and the father of Sven Svensson.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden and died in Philadelphia.
Heinrich Brunner was a German historian of the town of Wels in Upper Austria, born on 21 June 1840 and died on 11 August 1915.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels.
The Myanmar Peace Centre, commonly known as MPC, was an organization headquartered in Myanmar that served the people of Burma.
The Myanmar Peace Centre is a non-governmental organization headquartered in Yangon, Myanmar, that serves the people of Myanmar.
Thomas Van Hamme, born 10 February 1969, is a Belgian radio and TV moderator for the Walloon Broadcaster RTBF.
Thomas Van Hamme was born in 1969 in Belgium.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team was an American football team that was part of the University of Georgia and was a co-champion of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920 with Georgia Tech and Tulane.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team was an American football team that played in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920.
The Road is a road that runs from Selayang to Gombak and ends at the Batu Caves.
Jalan Batu Caves is a road that runs from Selayang to Gombak.
FL Studio Mobile 3 was the predecessor to FL Studio Mobile 2, developed by Image-Line and Artua.
FL Studio Mobile is a mobile video editing software developed by Image-Line.
The Young Survival Coalition, commonly known as YSC, is an international 501 ( C ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization founded in 1998 by three young women with breast cancer and headquartered in New York City.
Young Survival Coalition was founded in 1998.
The Ivory Sands House is a historic Federal-Greek Revival transitional Federal-style house at 145 Elm Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts, built in 1839.
The Ivory Sands House was built in 1839.
Matthijs Wulfraet was a painter who worked in Arnhem and Amsterdam from 1670 to 1683.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem and died in Amsterdam.
Johnny Almond, born 29 July 1946, was a British saxophonist, best known for his recordings with Fleetwood Mac, Alan Price Set and John Mayall, and as a member of the band Mark-Almond until his death on 18 November 2009.
Mark-Almond was a band with Johnny Almond.
Rossio, also known as King Pedro IV Square or Praça de D. Pedro IV, is a square of Lisbon, Portugal.
Rossio Square is a central square of Lisbon, Portugal.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a local operation during World War I between three divisions of the British Second Army and three divisions of the German 4th Army in the Ypres Salient in Belgium in 1916.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel took place in Ypres.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen, born 1949, is an educator and politician who served as Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2014 to 2015.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen is Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park on the Mississippi River in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States.
Barnes Reeves Eason, known professionally as B. Reeves Eason Jr., was born on November 19, 1914 and died on October 25, 1921.
B. Reeves Eason Jr. was born in 1914 and died in 1921.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence, born on 28 July 1923 in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, died on 21 April 2009.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence born in Nagercoil in 1923 and died in Chennai in 2009.
The burial of Qiu Fazu took place on 7 April 2009 at Qiu Fazu Square, in front of Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan.
Qiu Fazu was born in Hangzhou and died in Wuhan.
Moseyev Pochinok is a village and rural locality in Mardengskoye Rural Settlement, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Moseyev Pochinok is a river in Russia.
Spacetime Studios, formerly known as STS, is a games development studio based in Austin, Texas, founded in 2005 by Gary Gattis, Cinco Barnes, Jake Rodgers, and Anthony L. Sommers, all experienced PC MMO game developers.
Spacetime Studios is a Texas-based independent film and video production company founded in 2005.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
Garuru Records is a Japanese record label founded in 2008 by former Yazawa band member Emi Music Japan.
Eikichi Yazawa is a Japanese musician who has been recording since 1975 for Garuru Records.
The Green Bay Packers and Baltimore Colts were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to the Baltimore Colts of the Western Conference.
The 1965 NFL playoffs were a two-team playoff between the Green Bay Packers and the Baltimore Colts.
Animazement was an annual anime convention held at the North Raleigh Hilton in Raleigh, North Carolina in 1998.
Animazement was an anime convention held at the Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center and the Raleigh Convention Center.
Little Joe 1A, also known as LJ-1A, was an unmanned NASA rocket launched on November 4, 1959.
Little Joe 1A was a spacecraft operated by NASA.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Kekerten Island is a Canadian island.
L'Inondation is a 1924 French film directed by Delluc, who died in Paris in 1924.
Louis Delluc was a French painter born in 1890 and died in Paris in 1924.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague.
Ivan Moravec was born and died in Prague.
Hoosiers is a 1986 American television series starring Gene Hackman, set at fictitious Hickory High School.
Bobby Plump attended Milan High School.
Martial Outlaw is a 1993 martial arts film written by Thomas Ritz, produced by Pierre David and directed by Kurt Anderson and starring Jeff Wincott, Gary Hudson and Richard Jaeckel.
Martial Outlaw is an American martial arts film written by Pierre David, Thomas Ritz, and directed by Kurt Anderson.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball program is a member of the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball program is a college baseball program based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina playing in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Rangra is a village in Nakodar in Jalandhar district of Punjab, India.
Rangra is a village in Nakodar, India.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born on October 1, 1877 and died on January 17, 1967 at Sainte-Justine Hospital, a children's hospital.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born in Montreal in 1877 and died there in 1967.
Tianshili Station is a station of Line 3 of the Tianjin Metro, opened in 2012.
Tianshili Station opened in 2012.
Mary Marg Helgenberger, born November 16, 1958, is an American actress who has appeared in soap operas since 1982.
Marg Helgenberger, born Mary Marg Helgenberger in 1958, has been active since 1982.
Mount Pippu is a volcano in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains in Hokkaid, Japan.
Mount Pippu is a mountain located in Hokkaid, Japan.
Henrik Fig is a football midfielder who plays for Danish Association in Denmark, Germany and the United States.
Henrik Fig was born in Denmark.
Pinhou is a village and sub-prefecture of Kahin-Zarabaon in the Montagnes District of the Bangolo Department of the Guémon Region of Ivory Coast.
Pinhou is a village in the administrative division of Kahin-Zarabaon, Ivory Coast.
Yorkshire Jets are a netball team based in Yorkshire, England.
Yorkshire Jets are a rugby union club based in Yorkshire, coached by Anna Carter.
The Main Building of Moscow State University is a 240 metre tall skyscraper in Moscow, Russia.
The main building of Moscow State University is the second building after the Messeturm in Moscow, Russia.
Franz Christian Gau was a German architect and archaeologist born in Cologne on 15 June 1790 and died in Paris on January, 1854.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne and died in Paris.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was a company of the Continental Army that was active in 1776.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was active from 1776 to 1783.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a government-owned medical school in Bangladesh founded in 2013.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a medical college in Bangladesh.
Carla Juri is a Swiss actress born on January 2, 1985.
Carla Juri was born in 1985.
Urumqi Air is a low-cost airline headquartered in Ürümqi, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
Urumqi Air is an airline headquartered in Ürümqi.
Mohamad Issack, known professionally as Isaq, is an Indian film producer and director of Tamil films for Kollywood.
Agadam is a film written, produced and directed by Mohamad Issack.
Varano Borghi is a municipality in the Province of Varese in Lombardy, Italy.
Varano Borghi is a town and comune in Lombardy with a population of 3.3.
Nicolae Xenopol was an ambassador of Romania to Japan until his death.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia, and died in Tokyo in December 1917.
Nicolae Xenopol was an ambassador of Romania to Japan until his death.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia and died in December 1917 in Tokyo, Japan.
Harlow Town railway station is a railway station on the West Anglia Main Line in the Harlow district of Harlow, Essex, England.
Harlow Town railway station was opened in 1842 on the West Anglia Main Line in the Harlow district.
Walter Thomas Beeson and Rose Eliza Beeson were born in Oxford on 10 February 1889.
Cyril Beeson was born in Oxford in 1889 and died in 1975.
Marion McCorry was an American film and television actress born on October 10, 1945.
Marion McCorry was born in 1945.
Sumiko Sakamoto was born on November 26, 1936 in Osaka, Japan.
Sumiko Sakamoto is a Japanese actress.
Victor Valley High School is a high school in Victorville, California, United States.
This is a list of Victor Valley High School alumni.
Kearns-Saint Ann School in Utah was founded in 1899.
Kearns-Saint Ann Catholic School was founded in 1899 in Utah.
Manning Island is an island in Antarctica.
Manning Island is an island in Antarctica.
Callum Hawkins, born 22 June 1992, is a British distance runner who competes in the marathon.
Callum Hawkins is a British rower.
Callum Hawkins, born 22 June 1992, is a British distance runner who competed in the marathon at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer from Elderslie who plays for Butler University.
He is an award-winning athlete in mechanical engineering at Butler University and a former AlmaMater at the University of the West of Scotland.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer from Elderslie who plays for Butler University and the University of the West of Scotland.
Jalal Khoury was a theatre director, playwright, comedian and artistic editor born in Beirut on 28 May 1933 and died on 3 December 2017.
Jalal Khoury was born and raised in Beirut.
Ramiro was born in Oviedo on 1 February 850 and was buried in the Pantheon of Asturian Kings at Santa Mara del Naranco and his palace at the Cathedral of San Salvador, Oviedo with his wife Paterna.
Ramiro I of Asturias was born in Oviedo and died there with his wife Paterna.
The Vorpostenboot was a British-Norwegian air battle that took place at Skaggerak off Justy during World War II against the Bristol Beaufighter aircraft of 404 Squadron of the Royal Canadian Air Force.
This is a list of shipwrecks in October 1944 for the Vorpostenboot.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II, alias John-Chrysostome Brauneis II, was a Canadian organist, composer, and music educator, born 26 January 1814 in Quebec City and died 11 August 1871 in Montreal.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II died in Montreal.
Zerre is the second studio album by the band Replikas, released on November, 2008 through Peyote Music.
Zerre is a studio album by Replikas, released on the Peyote label.
Benjamin Brooks Thomas was an American lawyer and executive at Harper & Row from November 28, 1931 until his death on February 5, 2010.
Brooks Thomas was born in 1931 and died in 2010.
Small Town Sheriff is an Aesop's Fables film series silent animated short subject produced by Paul Terry for Fables Studios.
Small Town Sheriff is an animated short film produced by Paul Terry for Fables Studios.
Sylvia Morales, born in 1943 in Phoenix, Arizona, is a Mexican-American film director, writer, producer, and editor known for establishing a Latino cinema.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American actress from UCLA.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American film actress who has been active since 1971 at UCLA.
Sylvia Morales received the Rockefeller Fellowship Award in Media and was a participant in the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women.
The following is a list of albums by Carolyn, a singer and guitarist who has been active with Reunion Records since 1995.
Carolyn Arends is a singer-songwriter who has recorded for Reunion Records and Signpost Music since 1995.
"DiPROMiSE" is a farewell song from Pour Lui, a musical group associated with the band BIS since 2009, and the last song released before the band left BIS in 2018.
Pour Lui is a musical group associated with the band BIS since 2009.
Abdul Satar Sirat was born in Afghanistan in 2001.
Abdul Satar Sirat is a politician from Afghanistan.
Keydan, also known as Keydn, Kheydn or Khaidn, is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran with a population of 909.
Keydan is a village in Iran with a population of 909.
Kadir Caidi is a footballer from Ravenna, in the Italian region of Romagna, who plays for A.C. Cesena with Nebil.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna.
Universal Engineering College is a private engineering college in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur district, Kerala, India.
Universal Engineering College is an engineering college in Irinjalakuda, Kerala, India.
Gerran Lyn Howell, born 25 February 1991, is a Welsh writer, director and actor best known for her role as Vladimir Dracula in the CBBC television series of the same name, which aired in 2006.
Gerran Howell, born Gerran Lyn Howell in 1991 in Wales, has been playing professionally since 2006.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute and village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute in Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran, with a population of 14 people.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is one of the fourteen agricultural institutes in Iran.
Alberto Sordi, born June 15, 1920, was an Italian actor, comedian, director, screenwriter, singer, composer, and voice actor who died on February 24, 2003.
Alberto Sordi was born in Rome in 1920 and died in 2003.
Gastone Moschin was born in 1929.
Gastone Moschin was an Italian stage, television and film actor born on 8 June 1929 and died on 4 September 2017.
The Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, constructed in 1980.
The Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, built in 1980.
The BMW 1 Series is a series of subcompact executive cars produced by BMW since 2004, known as the C-segment.
The BMW 1 Series is a sports car produced by BMW.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu, also known as Mazra ‘ Eh-ye Psh, is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu is a village in Iran with a population of 43.
Petralia Sottana is a town in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, Italy.
Petralia Sottana is a village in Sicily, Italy.
Fort Portal Hospital, also known as Regional Referral Hospitals, is a public hospital in Uganda owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health.
Fort Portal Hospital is a hospital in Uganda.
Carlo Broglia was born on 16 September 1552 in Chieri, Italy, and was Archbishop of Turin from 20 November 1592 to the death of Pope Clement VIII.
Carlo Broglia was born in Chieri, Italy, and was Archbishop of Turin until his death.
The Shakshuka System is a 2008 Israeli documentary film written and directed by investigative journalist Mickey Rosenthal, with cinematography by Ilan Abudi.
The Shakshuka System is a Hebrew film written, directed and produced by Ilan Abudi, with cinematography by Ilan Abudi.
Dinghurst Fort is an Iron Age univallate hillfort settlement in the parish of Churchill in Somerset, England.
Dinghurst Fort is a fort in Somerset.
Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a magical cauldron in Welsh mythology and literature, known for its ability to revive the dead and is part of the second branch of the Mabinogi.
Pair Dadeni is the name of the Cauldron of Rebirth.
Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a band owned by Bendigeidfran and Efnisien.
Pair Dadeni, known in Welsh mythology as The Cauldron of Rebirth, is a magical cauldron known to revive the dead.
Pair Dadeni are a religious order of Matholwch known for their efforts to restore the dead to life.
Pair Dadeni, the Cauldron of Rebirth, is a dragon of Bendigeidfran, Efnisien and Matholwch.
Itou Noe was a Japanese feminist and the founder of Yamakawa Kikue, the first female literary magazine in Japan, which was active from 1915 to 1916 and was known for its debate on the abolition of prostitution.
Yamakawa Kikue was born and died in Japan.
Yamakawa Kikue, also known as TsudaJuku University, was a private women's college in Tokyo that was established in 1908.
Yamakawa Kikue was born and died in Tokyo, Japan.
Ilija Krstevski, born on 21 February 1993, is a Macedonian handball player for PIF.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian politician.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in Poland.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in Poland.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Duke Blue Devils football team, which represented Duke University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season at Wallace Wade Stadium.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team played its home games at Wallace Wade Stadium.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Blue Devils of the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team was an American football team that competed in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference at Wallace Wade Stadium.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an unpaved airfield in Kirchzarten, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an airfield in Kirchzarten, near Freiburg, Germany.
Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1933.
Rafael Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1973.
Petru Poni was a Moldavian-born Romanian chemist and mineralogist who lived from 4 January 1841 to his death on 2 April 1925.
Petru Poni was a Romanian painter, born in Săcărești in 1841 and died in Iași in 1925.
Brooke Langton was an American actress born on November 27, 1970.
Brooke Langton was born in 1970 in Arizona and has been a professional wrestler since 1992.
Giovanni De Agostini was a geographer in Rome, Italy, who was a key figure in the founding of it in 1901.
De Agostini was founded in 1901.
Roncesvalles Pass or Roncevaux Pass or Ronceval Pass is a 1057 m high high mountain pass in the Pyrenees of Spain.
Roncevaux Pass or Pass of Roncesvalles is a mountain pass in Spain.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument, also known as OD-SHAY, is a National Park Service monument in the Four Corners region of the Navajo Nation in the U.S. state of Arizona, established on April 1, 1931.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is a national monument in Arizona.
Tabayin Township is a settlement in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division, Burma.
Tabayin Township is a township in pushpinMap, Burma.
The S. Curtis Smith House, at 56 Fairmont Avenue in Newton, Massachusetts, is a historic 2-1/2 story wood frame house known for being one of Newton's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses, built c. 1883.
The S. Curtis Smith House was built in 1883.
Yves Mondesir, better known by his stage name DJ Whoo Kid, is an American–Haitian hip hop DJ born on October 12, 1975.
DJ Whoo Kid is a DJ associated with the band G-Unit.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born in Rheydt, an industrial town in Düsseldorf, on 29 October 1897.
Paul Joseph Goebbels, born in Rheydt, was the first Chancellor of Germany.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born in Rheydt, an industrial town in Düsseldorf, on 29 October 1897.
Joseph Goebbels, born Paul Joseph Goebbels in Rheydt, died in Berlin as Chancellor of Germany.
The Normals were an American indie rock band that was active until 2002, producing three albums for ForeFront Records and receiving two GMA Dove Award nominations.
This is a list of songs by The Normals from 1998 to 2002.
Wildparkstadion is a football stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Wildparkstadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Sorkh Geriveh, also known as Sorkh Geryeh, Sorkh Chr, Surkhchari or Sorkh Gerveh, is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Sorkh Geriveh is a village on the map of Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh, also known as eydarbd-e Meyheh, is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran with a population of 181.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh is a village in Iran with a population of 181.
Ben T. Reyes was born on February 16, 1947 in Burton, Texas to a laborer father and moved to Denver Harbor, Houston.
Ben Reyes is a professional wrestler from Houston, Texas.
Claudia Romani was born on April 14, 1982 in L'Aquila, Italy.
Claudia Romani is an Italian model born in L'Aquila, Italy.
Great Central Mines Limited was formed on 19 December 1996 as the successor to Great Central Mines NL.
Great Central Mines was the predecessor of Great Central Mines NL.
The Grosser Sprint-Preis, known as the Badener Sprint-Cup since 1998, was a sprint triathlon in Group 3 held in Baden-Baden.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is a group 3 football tournament in Baden-Baden, Germany.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla, also known as Kaleh Qaţr or Kal-e Qaţr-e Soflá, is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, Zagros District, Chardavol County, Ilam Province, Iran.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla is a village in Iran with a population of 95.
"Wind of Time" is the pop version of the song Tears in Heaven.
"Wind of Time" is a song by Loona, released as the pop version of "If Only" and "Tears in Heaven".
Michael Berenbaum, born on July 31, 1945 in Newark, New Jersey, is an American Holocaust scholar, filmmaker, writer, and professor.
Michael Berenbaum was born in 1945 and converted to Judaism.
Padiham, also known as PAD-i-m, is a small town and civil parish on the River Calder in Lancashire, England.
Padiham is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 20.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Iran with a population of 20.
Watkins was a natural sciences student at Durham University and Abingdon School in Oxfordshire.
Nathaniel Watkins was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire.
Vaikule was born on 31 March 1954 in Csis, Latvia.
Laima Vaikule was born in 1954 in Csis, Latvia.
Guillaume-Nicolas-Louis Leclercq, born 15 November 1745 as Salomone Leclercq, was a French Roman Catholic during the French Revolution and died on 2 September 1792.
Salomone Leclercq was born in 1745 and died in Paris in 1792.
Sal-Bab District is a district of Aleppo Governorate, Syria.
Al-Bab District is a district.
Caeciliusetae is a genus of moths of the order Psocoptera and suborder Psocomorpha.
Caeciliusetae is a genus of moths of the order Psocoptera and suborder Psocomorpha.
Pocci was a German painter, dramatist, composer and poet, best known as the writer of 45 original works for the Munich Marionette Theatre, including the Punch and Judy Show.
Count Franz Pocci, born Franz Graf von Pocci, was a German painter, influenced by Kasperl, and died in Munich.
Khandoli Dam, also known as , is a dam in Jharkhand, India.
Khandoli Dam is a dam in Giridih, Jharkhand, India.
Aghjeh, also known as ghjeh, is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh County, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 284.
Aghjeh is a village in Iran with a population of 284.
The Jerusalem Lions played before the Jerusalem Kings in Jerusalem.
This is a list of Jerusalem Kings.
Mount Keltie is a mountain in the Conway Range in Antarctica, rising to a height of 2,640 metres.
Mount Keltie is a mountain in Antarctica.
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils Basketball is the men's basketball program of Mississippi Valley State University, located in Itta Bena, Mississippi and playing in the Harrison HPER Complex as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball is a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Roberto Car, born on 3 January 1947 in Trieste, is an Italian physicist working in the field of molecular dynamics.
Roberto Car was born in Trieste.
An Account of the Life of Ubbo Emmius is a biography of Ubbo Emmius, written by Nicolaus Mulerius in 1638 and published in Groningen after his death in 1630.
Nicolaus Mulerius was born in Bruges and died in Groningen.
Old Pike Inn is a historic two-story brick tavern and historic inn built in 1840 in New Albany, Floyd County, Indiana.
Old Pike Inn was built in 1840.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Canadian cricketer who is known for picking up his maiden fifer in ODI history at the age of 39 years and 256 days for Canada.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Canadian actor born in Guyana.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic home built in 1870 in Jerusalem, Yates County, New York.
The Sill Tenant House was built in 1870.
Eide Church is a church in Norway.
Eide Church is the parish church of the Church of Norway in Hustadvika Municipality in Mre og Romsdal, Norway.
Hy Gotkin was a Jewish high school basketball player who played for Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn from 1942 to 1944 and was a member of the team that won the National Invitational Tournament ( NIT ) championships in 1944.
Hy Gotkin was born in Brooklyn and was active until 1944.
Hyman  Hy '' Gotkin was an American Jewish professional basketball player born on August 16, 1922 in Brooklyn and died on April 11, 2004.
Hy Gotkin was an American painter born in Brooklyn who was active until 1944.
Qareh Bater, also known as Qareh Bţer, is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 144.
Qareh Bater is a village in Iran with a population of 144.
The Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft, also known as Deschimag, was a Bremen-based cooperation between the shipbuilding divisions of the parent company AG Weser, founded in 1926.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau was a shipbuilding company based in Bremen, Germany, founded in 1926.
Naathan Phan, born August 20, 1988, is a Vietnamese-American actor, comedian, singer, magician, and internet personality.
Naathan Phan was born in 1988.
Veliki Kozjak or Kozjak is a mountain cliff in Dalmatian Zagora, Croatia.
Veliki Kozjak is a village in Croatia.
Jean Courtecuisse was a French theologian and bishop, born in Le Mans in 1350 and bishop of Geneva on 4 March 1423.
Jean Courtecuisse was killed in Geneva.
The Mahindra Thar is an off-road Jeep CJ-class SUV produced by the Indian automaker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd.
The Mahindra Thar is an SUV.
Humberto Martins Duarte, born on 14 April 1961, is a Brazilian actor.
Humberto Martins, born Humberto Martins Duarte in 1961.
Tatjana Wood, born Tatjana Weintraub, is an American comic book colorist and artist from Darmstadt, Germany.
Tatjana Wood was born Tatjana Weintraub in Darmstadt, Germany.
SnOasis is a ski centre in Great Blakenham, built in 2004.
SnOasis is a leisure centre in Great Blakenham, Suffolk.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department of France.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in France.
The 11th Street Bridge is a bridge over the Arkansas River in Tulsa, Oklahoma that was constructed in 1915.
The 11th Street Bridge was constructed in 1915.
Petrinum was a Latin school in Dorsten, founded in 1642 by the Franciscan Order, which was part of the Westphalian since 1488.
Gymnasium Petrinum Dorsten was founded in 1642 in Dorsten.
Roger Mathey was an American playwright, actor, producer, filmmaker, and theatrical director who produced and directed his plays in Los Angeles, Bakersfield, San Francisco, Denver, and Orange County.
Roger Mathey was a California painter.
Amtrak opened in 1994.
The Camarillo station serving the Amtrak Railroad Line opened in 1994.
Ada Annie Rae-Arthur, known professionally as Cougar Annie and Ada Annie Lawson, was a pioneer on the west coast of Vancouver Island, Canada, in Hesquiat Harbour and Clayoquot Sound from June 19, 1888 to April 28, 1985.
Cougar Annie died in 1985.
Richard John Spare, born Richard John Spare in 1951, is a British artist known for his drypoints, etchings and oil paintings.
Richard John Spare, known professionally as Richard Spare, was a British actor.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Bonthorpe is a civil parish in Lincolnshire, England.
Portland Plaza is a skyscraper designed by DMJM and constructed in 1973.
Portland Plaza is a skyscraper designed by DMJM.
Walker was an Australian Ambassador to France in Paris from 1959.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Australia and died in Paris.
Walker was President of the Council from June 1956 to June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker died in June 1956 and June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker, born 26 January 1907 as Ronald Walker and died 28 November 1988, was an Australian diplomat, economist, ambassador to France, Germany and Japan, and Australia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Cobar, Australia in 1907 and graduated from the University of Sydney in 1988, where he was married to Louise Clementine Donckers.
Martha Mailey was an American explorer who was married to Bouly de Lesdain until his death in 1975.
Jacques Bouly de Lesdain was born in Dunkirk, France in 1880 and died in 1975 with his wife Martha Mailey.
Rocchetta Belbo is an Italian municipality in the Province of Cuneo in Piedmont.
Rocchetta Belbo is a comune in Piedmont.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila in 1647.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila.
Ron Caragher is the fourth-year head coach of the 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team, which is affiliated with San Jose State University and plays home games at Spartan Stadium as the Spartans during the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team played two home and one road games against the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team was an American football team affiliated with San Jose State University that played in the West Division of the Mountain West Conference during the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season as the fourth-year head coach at Spartan Stadium.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team competed in the West Division of the Mountain West Conference.
The registered office of ELSTAT is located in Piraeus, a municipality in Greece with 50 Regional Statistical Offices and a central office.
The Hellenic Statistical Authority is a statistical authority headquartered in Piraeus, Greece.
Edward Hospital & Health Services, also known as Edward Hospital Services Corporation, is a major healthcare provide in Naperville, a suburban town in DuPage County, Illinois.
Edward Hospital was an Illinois hospital that opened in 1907.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 was released by Microsoft on November 27, 2012.
Windows MultiPoint Server is a server operating system developed by Microsoft.
He was born in Nantwich and died in Leicester.
Frederick Hassall was born in Nantwich and died in Leicester, Leicestershire.
Alpha Leporis is a lower luminosity supergiant star in the F0 IB class.
Alpha Leporis is an F0 IB.
Gregory Porter, born November 4, 1971, is an American singer, songwriter, and actor.
Gregory Porter is a jazz songwriter and actor.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk is a futsal club based in Donetsk, Ukraine.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk is a Ukrainian football club based in Donetsk.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist and winner in the Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition in 2005.
Lynette Washington is a jazz singer.
Leiren is a village and synonym of Leira in the municipality of Grane in Nordland, Norway.
Leiren or Leira is a town in Nordland, Norway.
She is known for being the first ever Philippine candidate to the Miss Earth pageant to become a finalist and one of the Top 8 Finalists in the Grand Coronation Night on October 24, 2004 in Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Szijarto is an actress from Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, known professionally as Tamera Szijarto, is a Hungarian - Filipino beauty queen and entrepreneur from the Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, better known by her stage name Tamera Szijarto, is a former Miss Philippines Earth 2004 from Manila, Philippines.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales, built in 1891 for the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, known as the RNLI.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is an RNLI station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Pensacola, Florida.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Florida.
Motion Blur, also known as Motion Blur Game Studio, is an Istanbul-based computer game developer founded in 2004 in Ataşehir.
Motion Blur was founded in 2004 in Ataşehir.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg, Count of Neuchâtel and Lord of Badenweiler from 1454 until his death on 9 September 1503, son of Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg, Count of Neuchâtel from 1454 until his death on 9 September 1503, was the eldest son of Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died with his wife Maria of Savoy in Montpellier.
Chobepur is a suburb of Kanpur, India with a population of 2000.
Naramau is a suburb in India.
Charles Sellier, born November 9, 1943, was an American novelist, screenwriter, television producer, and director, best known for creating the American book and television series of the same name, who died on January 31, 2011.
Charles Sellier was born in 1943 and died in 2011.
Ruan Yang, also known as, born 13 December 1993 in Hangzhou, China, is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for China League Two club Kunshan FC.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou.
Zaven Andriasian, alias Andriasyan, born on March 11, 1989 in Yerevan, is an Armenian chess Grandmaster and World Junior Chess Champion.
Zaven Andriasian was born in Yerevan.
The Fukagawa Route, also known as Route 9, is a 5.3-km-long toll-free expressway in the Greater Tokyo Area that is part of the Shuto Expressway system and runs from the Tokyo ward of Ch to the ward of Kt.
The Fukagawa Route ends in Kt.
Javanfekr, born on 27 February 2012, is the Presidential Advisor of Press Affairs at the Iran Press and Cultural Institute of the IRNA.
Ali Akbar Javanfekr was a journalist who worked for the IRNA in Tehran and was born in Iran.
Sporobolomyces is a fungal genus in the order Sporidiobolales.
Sporobolomyces is a genus of fungi in the order Sporidiobolales based on species rank.
Barnes was a Dublin Naturalists'Field Club member who collected specimens of lichen from 1913.
Eileen Barnes was an Irish actress born and died in Dublin.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a commercial bank in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a bank in Shenzhen.
Babacar Ba was a Senegalese politician born in Kaolack on June 14, 1930 and died on December 13, 2006.
Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack.
Otoyol 7, also known as Motorway 7, Motorway 7 or Northern Marmara Motorway, is a toll motorway in Istanbul.
Otoyol 7 was a bus company based in Istanbul that operated buses from Istanbul to Akyaz.
Sulichay, also known as Slchy, is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran, with a population of 107.
Sulichay is a village in Iran with a population of 107.
Annoying is a single by Finnish girl group Ronya, born in Siuntio, Finland and broadcast on YleX radio station in 2011.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland, in 2011.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station on the Argyle Line at Glasgow Central in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow, Scotland, operated by Abellio ScotRail.
Bridgeton railway station was a railway station in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton railway station was opened in 1895 in the Bridgeton district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton Cross Station was opened on the line between Glasgow Green and Rutherglen in 1895 by the Glasgow Central Railway.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrb, within Radomsko County, ód Voivodeship, in Poland.
Bugaj Zakrzewski was a politician in Poland.
Shahbag is a defunct hotel in the neighbourhood of Shahbag, known for being once the biggest hotel in Dhaka.
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University is a medical university in Shahbag, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Saraukhola is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of Nepal with a population of 2457.
Saraukhola is a village in Nepal with a population of 2457.
Davit Harutyunyan, known as David, was born on March 5, 1963 in Yerevan and served as deputy Minister of Justice from 1997 to 1998.
Davit Harutyunyan is a Minister of Justice from Yerevan, Armenia.
Ciudad Nueva is a sector in the Distrito Nacional of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Ciudad Nueva is a city on pushpinMap in the Dominican Republic.
This is a list of the names of 39 % of the students at the University of Tulsa in Oklahoma.
The University of Tulsa is a public research university in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
He was born in Khammam, Andhra Pradesh in Telangana, India.
Srinivasa Reddy was born in Khammam, Telangana in 2001.
The Sheepdogs are touring performers in Australia, Canada, the UK, Eastern and Western Europe, and the USA.
The Sheepdogs are a hockey team from Canada.
The Sheepdogs is their first album, recorded at Cosmic Pad Studios in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, where the band has been active since 2006.
The Sheepdogs are a Canadian rock band from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, who have been active since 2006.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party.
N. Y. Hanumanthappa was born in Chitradurga, Karnataka.
Victor Dourlen was born in Dunkerque in 1799 and studied with François-Joseph Gossec, Benoit Mozin, Charles-Simon Catel, and Charles-Simon Catel at the Paris Conservatory.
Victor Dourlen was killed in Paris.
"Your Mirror" is a song written by Mick Hucknall and released in July 1992 by the British soul and pop band Simply Red.
Your Mirror is a single released in July 1992.
Benguet State University is a state university in La Trinidad, Benguet, Philippines.
Benguet State University is a university in Benguet, Philippines.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was a battle fought on September 20, 1836, during the First Carlist War in Villarrobledo.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was a battle fought in Villarrobledo.
Francis Theodore Page Burt was an Australian jurist who served as the 27th Chief Justice of Western Australia, the 11th Governor of Western Australia and the 11th Governor of Western Australia from 14 June 1918 until his death on 8 September 2004.
Francis Theodore Page Burt, known as Francis Burt, was an Australian politician who served as the 11th Governor of Western Australia, Chief Justice of Western Australia, and died in Perth.
Thor Breien was a Norwegian judge, born on 9 February 1899.
Thor Breien was a Norwegian actor born in 1899.
On 9 April 1984, a man was murdered in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Randal Woollatt was born in Claygate, Surrey and died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College, commonly known as S6C, is a free school sixth form in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Salisbury Sixth Form College is a sixth form college founded in 2014 in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Joan Carson, born 29 January 1935, is a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Joan Carson was born in Enniskillen and served as a politician in Northern Ireland.
The Liverbirds were an English all-female rock band from Liverpool who were active from 1963 to 1968.
The Liverbirds were a professional football team based in Liverpool that played from 1963 to 1968.
Ma Qi, the daughter of Ma Zhongying, died on 5 August 1931 in Xining, Qinghai, China.
Ma Qi was born in Gansu and died in Xining, Qinghai.
A weatherboard signal box was constructed in 1887 for RailCorp.
Albion Park railway station is a heritage-listed railway station in Australia, opened in 1887 by RailCorp and operated by NSW TrainLink.
Temple is a Kerala Vasthu Vidya governed by Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
Palkulangara Devi Temple is a Hindu temple in Palkulangara, Kerala, India, governed by Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
He was awarded the new Jasper—Edson electoral district to challenge incumbent Member of Parliament and Alberta Premier Charles Stewart.
Walter Frederick Kuhl was a teacher in Jasper—Edson, Alberta.
She was born in Gariffa, a village on the banks of the Hooghly River in Kolkata in 1791.
Ramkamal Sen was born in Gariffa and died in Kolkata.
Augustusburg is a town and a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Augustusburg is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, Germany.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is an all-through school in Attercliffe, Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Oasis Academy Don Valley was founded in 2015 in Sheffield, England.
Abraham Vanderveer was a U.S. Representative from New York from 1781 until his death on July 21, 1839.
Abraham Vanderveer died in Brooklyn, New York.
She was born in Inzell, Bavaria and studied under Johann Ernst Eberlin in Salzburg.
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser was born in Inzell and died in Salzburg.
SC 322 is a county road located at the junction of SC 49 ( Lockhart Road ) in Pinckneyville, York County.
South Carolina Highway 322 is a state highway in York, SC.
South Carolina Highway 322, also known as SC 322, is a 44417-mile state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
South Carolina Highway 322 is a state highway located in McConnells, SC.
The Duke Robillard Band is the solo project of Duke Robillard, former member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds and active since 1981 on Rounder Records.
Duke Robillard was a blues guitarist active from 1967 to 1990.
Clovis West High School was founded in 1976 and is known for being ranked 206th in the state of California.
Clovis West High School is a public high school in Clovis, California, founded in 1976.
Kaj Skagen is a Norwegian writer, born on October 23, 1949 in Strandebarm.
Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in the district of Bruck an der Leitha, in Lower Austria, Austria.
Hainburg an der Donau is a municipality in Austria.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh was founded in 2015 and has its headquarters in Namchi, Sikkim and its unit offices in almost all the regions of Sikkim including South.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh is a Sangh based in Namchi, Sikkim, India.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was the 33rd staging of African's premier club volleyball competition, held in Sousse, Tunisia, from 20–29 March.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was a volleyball tournament held in Sousse, Tunisia.
Fletcher Peninsula is a broad ice-covered peninsula in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica.
Fletcher Peninsula is an Antarctic peninsula.
Isuzu Philippines Corporation is a manufacturing company based in Laguna Technopark, Bian, Laguna since 1995.
Isuzu Philippines is a bus manufacturing company founded in 1995 in Bian.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar, also known as Chh-e Amq eşr, is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar is a village in Iran.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys, also known as Rebd-e Re Veys or Re Veys, is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran with a population of 180.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys is a village in Iran with a population of 180.
Sibille Attar is a Swedish singer, songwriter and producer from rebro, Sweden, born 27 November 1981.
Sibille Attar, known professionally as Little Red Corvette, is a Swedish singer-songwriter from rebro, Sweden, who has been active since 2001.
AMA Computer University, commonly known as AMA University, is an ICT university in Quezon City, Philippines, known for being the first such university in the Philippines and in Asia.
AMA Computer University is a private university in the Philippines owned by AMA Group of Companies.
James Robson Douglas was born in 1876 and served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia from January 21, 1925 to the death of MacCallum Grant.
James Robson Douglas was the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
Sanski Most is a town and municipality in the Una-Sana Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sanski Most is a village on pushpinMap in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Games-X was a multi-format weekly computer and video game magazine published by Europress in the United Kingdom in May 1991.
Games-X is a magazine published by Europress in the United Kingdom.
Starhotels is a privately owned hotel chain headquartered in Florence, with 23 hotels in Italy, including three hotels in Paris, London and New York City.
Starhotels is a chain of hotels in Florence, Italy, founded in 1980.
Grlom u jagode, also known as The Unpicked Strawberries, is a 1975 Yugoslavian TV series written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi and рлом у аоде.
Grlom u jagode is a television series written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi.
Carl Atwood Wiley was an American mathematician and engineer born on December 30, 1918 and died on April 21, 1985.
Carl A. Wiley was born in 1918 and died in 1985.
Bandudato is a village with a population of 1426 and a population of 30.65.
Bandudato is a commune in the Aileu with a population of 1426 and a population/area of 30.65.
Bulla Regia is a town in Jendouba, Tunisia.
Bulla Regia is a region of Tunisia.
LA 78 is a state highway located at the junction of LA-1 and LA-US 190 in Parlange, Livonia.
Louisiana Highway 78 is a state highway located in Frisco, Livonia, Parlange, and Livonia, Louisiana.
Torynorrhina flammea is a species of beetle in the family Cetoniinae and Scarabaeidae.
Torynorrhina flammea is a moth of the family Scarabaeidae and family Cetoniinae.
The Miss Model of the World is an international model contest held annually in Istanbul, Turkey since 1988, where 42 countries compete for the title.
Miss Model of the World is a beauty pageant held annually in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon, covering an area of 1550 square kilometres and is the only place in Gabon where elephants, leopards, buffalos, gorillas, and extensive panoramas have been recorded.
Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon.
Nemo Link is a 9000 m long submarine cable in Belgium.
Nemo Link is a submarine cable in Belgium.
Blackpool Transport Services Ltd., commonly known as BTS, is a bus and tram operator in Blackpool and Fylde, owned by Blackpool Borough Council.
Blackpool Transport is the public transport arm of Blackpool Borough Council.
Rudbari Konar, also known as Rdbr Konr or Rdbr Konr, is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Rudbari Konar is a village in Iran with a population of 234.
Romeo Island is a rocky island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Romeo Island is an island in Antarctica.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta.
Mount Solomons is a peak in the Sierra Nevada of California in the U.S. state of California.
Mount Solomons is a mountain located in California.
The Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority, also known as Rock Region Metro and Rock Region METRO, is a transit agency in Arkansas.
Rock Region Metro is a rapid transit system operated by the Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority.
The largest youth debate union in western Canada is owned by William Aberhart High School.
William Aberhart High School is a Canadian high school located at 3009 Morley Trail NW.
Alto Pelado is a village and municipality in the San Luis Province of Argentina.
Alto Pelado is a town in Argentina.
Carla Tortelli, born Carla Maria Victoria Angelina Teresa Apollonia Lozupone Tortelli LeBec, is an American television show waitress starring Rhea Perlman.
Carla Tortelli is an American actress from the television series Cheers.
Tommy Hill, born on 9 February 1985 in Beckenham, Kent, is a British former motorcycle road racer.
Tommy Hill was born in Kent.
The image of William Barak is an 85-foot-tall sculpture on the facade of an apartment building in Swanston Square, Melbourne, Australia, in 2015.
William Barak was born in Australia and died in Coranderrk.
The municipality has a population of 69 and a populated area of 14.93 as of 28 August 2006.
Olbramov is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic with a population of 69 and a population/area of 14.93.
Zhovkva Raion is a raion of Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.
Zhovkva Raion is a village in Ukraine.
William Friese-Greene was an English professional photographer and inventor, born on 7 September 1855 and died on 5 May 1921 at the home of his father, William Edward Green.
William Friese-Greene was born in Bristol in 1855 and died in London in 1921.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson, better known by his stage name Matty Rich, is a film director, screenwriter, and video game executive from Brooklyn, New York City.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson, known professionally as Matty Rich, was born in 1971.
Alfred Flores and his wife Ester Duenas Flores died in their home in Malojloj, Guam on February 6, 2009.
Alfred Flores, born Alfred San Nicolas Flores in 1916 in Inarajan, Guam, died in 2009 in Malojloj.
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded in 1990 by the British progressive rock act Black Widow.
Black Widow Records is a record label founded in 1990 in Genoa.
The Frank Oppenheimer Fellowship Fund is known for its support of the Exploratorium.
Frank Oppenheimer, born Frank Friedman Oppenheimer, is known for his work on McCarthyism and the Exploratorium.
The Hardenbergh Manor, also known as the Isaac Hardenbergh House, is a historic home located at Roxbury in Delaware County, New York, United States, built in 1790.
The Isaac Hardenbergh House was built in 1790.
URL Badman is a studio album by URL Badman, released on 13 July 2014 by Parlophone.
URL Badman was a Parlophone record label.
The Special Presidential Division, also known as the French Division Spéciale Présidentielle or DSP, is an elite military force that was founded in 1985 by Zairian President Mobutu Sese Seko.
The Special Presidential Division was a military force active from 1985 to 1997.
John Augustus Roebling, born Johann August Röbling, June 12, 1806, died July 22, 1869, was a German-born American civil engineer.
Johann August Röbling, known professionally as John A. Roebling, was born in 1806 and died in 1869.
Sphinctospermum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Faboideae of the family Fabaceae.
Sphinctospermum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Faboideae of the family Fabaceae.
Theloderma licin, the smooth frog, is a species of frog in the genus Theloderma found in peninsular Malaysia and southern Thailand.
Theloderma licin is a species of frog in the genus Theloderma.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born on 16 June 1862 in Ferreafe in the Lambayeque Region of Peru and died on 28 October 1930.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born in Ferreafe.
Hefei Urban Rail Transit, also known as the Hefei Metro, is a rapid transit system in Hefei, China.
The Hefei Metro is a metro line in Hefei, China, that opened in 2016.
Anton Lindfors is a Finnish snowboarder who competes in snowboard cross and was born on 22 April 1991 in Porvoo.
Anton Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland.
Makhtumkuli Avenue or Magtymguly Avenue is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Makhtumkuli Avenue is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers, also known as the NJFF, is a Norwegian organization for hunters and sport fishers.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers, commonly known as the NJFF, is a Norwegian fishing organization.
Lindi Region is an administrative region of Tanzania.
Lindi Region is a region of Tanzania.
First of These Displays was the only remaining fighter station at RAF Coleby Grange on PushpinMap in Lincolnshire in September 1946.
RAF Coleby Grange is a military airfield in Lincolnshire, on the pushpinMap.
Samuel Ayscough was born in Nottingham in 1745 and educated at a free grammar school.
Samuel Ayscough was a British painter, born in 1745 and died in 1804.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani, alias Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjn, is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani is a village in Iran.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a lightweight, all-composite, highly efficient four-seat aircraft produced by Slovenian company Pipistrel.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a racing car made by Pipistrel.
James Ferguson Dowdell, alias Auburn University, was born on November 26, 1818 and served as the second President of East Alabama College from 1868 until his death on September 6, 1871, and was a U.S. Representative from Alabama from 1868 to 1870.
James Ferguson Dowdell was an Alabama politician.
Peter Paul Anatol Lieven was born in London in 1960.
Anatol Lieven was born in London.
Mathias Fink, born in 1945 in Grenoble, is a French physicist and professor at ESPCI Paris and a current member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Mathias Fink was a French painter born in Grenoble, France.
Margaret Cynthia Field née Virginia Field was a British film actress who was born on 4 November 1917 and died on 2 January 1992.
Virginia Field née Margaret Cynthia Field was born in London, England and the mother of Margaret Field Douglas.
Jozef Tomko was born on 11 March 1924 in Udavské, in Humenné, Czechoslovakia.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavské.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi, also known as Hvr Kand Qeshlq, is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi is a village in Iran with a population of 65.
Jacques Vivier, born on 9 October 1930 in Mareuil-sur-Bel, was a French road bicycle racer who competed from 1951 to 1957.
Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel.
Eric Kupper is an American DJ, arranger, keyboardist, songwriter, remix artist and record producer of French descent.
Eric Kupper is a DJ.
Norman Mason was a Sunderland horse owner and winner of The Grand National with Red Marauder.
Red Marauder is a painting by Norman Mason.
Zak Orth, born October 15, 1970, is an American actor best known for his roles in the musicals Melinda and Melinda, Music and Lyrics, NYC 22, In and Out, The Baxter, and Wet Hot American Summer.
Adam Zachary Orth, better known by his stage name Zak Orth, was born in 1970.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Aventura, Florida, known for being the 16th largest mall in the United States.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Florida.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, born 12 December 1905 as ри иколаеви руеко and later as Youcca Troubetzkov, was a Russian-born French-American actor who died on 22 April 1992.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, better known by her stage name Youcca Troubetzkov or Nicolas Barclay, was born in 1905 and died in 1992.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain located on the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture in Japan.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain located in Japan.
Her last novel, 2002, was written by Carol Shields, winner of the 1998 Orange Prize for Fiction, the 2002 Giller Prize, the Governor General of Canada Literary Award, and the 2003 Orange Prize for Fiction.
"Unless" is a poem written by Canadian author Carol Shields from 1972 to 2002.
Ibaraki Station is a railway station on the JR Kyoto Line, commonly known as the Tkaid Main Line, which runs from Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, Japan to Kyoto.
Ibaraki Station is a station on the JR Kyoto Line in Japan, opened in 1876.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Illinois.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous geologic formation.
Hopkins Cottage, a rectangular two-story three-bay cottage on Saranac Lake in Harrietstown, Franklin County, New York, was built in 1923.
Hopkins Cottage was built in 1923.
Jane Elizabeth Randall, born on August 28, 1990 in Baltimore, is an American fashion model best known for her participation in the fifteenth cycle of where she tied for 3rd overall.
Jane Randall was born Jane Elizabeth Randall in Baltimore.
Arzo is a municipality in the canton of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Arzo is a municipality in the cantons of Ticino and Mendrisio in Switzerland.
"Labios Compartidos", also known as "Shared Lips" in English, is the first single from Maná's seventh studio album, released in 2006.
Labios Compartidos is a musical by Maná.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips, known as the father of Nigerian church music, was a Nigerian organist, conductor, composer and teacher who died on 10 July 1969.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips was a Nigerian politician born in 1884 and died in 1969.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was an American football team affiliated with the University of California, Los Angeles that won the first place in the Pacific Coast Conference during the 1955 college football season under head coach Red Sanders.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was a member of the Pacific Coast Conference.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena, born on 3 September 1951, is a Sri Lankan politician who served as the seventh President of Sri Lanka from 9 January 2015 to 18 November 2019.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena, is the current President of Sri Lanka.
Sirisena and Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari are the parents of Daham, Chathurika and Dharani.
Maithripala Sirisena was a Sri Lankan politician who served as President of Sri Lanka, Minister of Defence, Minister of Health, Minister of Defence, and Leader of the House with his wife Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari and children Daham, Chathurika, Dharani and Dharani.
Jozini is an administrative area in the Umkhanyakude District of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Jozini Local Municipality is a local municipality in KwaZulu-Natal with the name Jozini.
Longcanoe Lake is a narrow lake in the Thunder Bay District of Ontario, Canada.
Longcanoe Lake is a lake in Ontario, Canada.
Toledo 5 is the successor to WTVG.
The following is the program inventory of Toledo 5, the successor to CW affiliate WTVG, as of September 2014.
The Arvind Ghosh Memorial Lecture is an Indian lecture on Islamism.
Arvind Ghosh is an Indian actor.
Arheilgen was a district of Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany, in 1937.
Darmstadt-Arheilgen is a district of Darmstadt, Germany.
Abdool Raouf Bundhun was born on 14 January 1937 and served as Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007.
Raouf Bundhun is the current Vice President of Mauritius.
This is a list of the 53 U.S. Representatives from California.
This is a list of members of the California State Senate.
Andrew Michael Edgar Seeley, born April 30, 1982, is a Canadian-American actor, singer, and dancer who has performed for the Walt Disney Company.
Drew Seeley was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1982.
Henry FitzJames, Duke of Albemarle, was a member of the Jacobite peerage from 6 August 1673 to 16 December 1702, the eldest son of King James II of England and VII of Scotland and Arabella Churchill.
Henry FitzJames, Duke of Albemarle was born in Middlesex.
TT Games Limited is a British holding company for Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
TT Games is a division of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
Michael Thorpe, born March 12, 1944, is an English-American physicist and the Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American actor.
Stentorian and Kronic were the first and few bands in Bangladesh to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country.
Tanim Sufyani is a Bangladeshi singer from Stentorian and former member of Aurthohin.
The Battle of Carbisdale, alias Invercarron, took place on 27 April 1650 at Culrain, a village in Sutherland, Scotland, during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
The Battle of Carbisdale was a battle fought between the Scottish Royalists at Culrain in Sutherland, Scotland.
ANT1 Satellite, also known as Antenna, is a Greek subscription TV channel and popular private network owned by ANT1 Group, founded in 1996 and operating in North America.
ANT1 Satellite is a Greek satellite.
Salband, also known as Qeshlq-e Dmn or Slband, is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran with a population of 142.
Salband is a village in Iran with a population of 142.
The Scandinavian Masters is an annual golf tournament on the European Tour, played in Sweden.
The Scandinavian Masters is a tennis tournament held in Sweden.
Major Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset to Reverend William Tierney Elton and Lucy Caroline Elton, daughter of Sir Charles Abraham Elton, 6th Baronet.
Frederick Cockayne Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset and is buried in Whitestaunton.
Alessandro Nora, born on 24 May 1987, is an Italian water polo player who plays for AN Brescia.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian actor.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar, also known as Tzeh Kand-e Afshr, is a village in Tzehkand-e Gardbd, Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran with a population of 304.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar is a village in Iran with a population of 304.
Suho Memorial Paper Museum, also known as, is a museum about paper in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The Suho Paper Memorial Museum is a museum in Taipei, Taiwan.
Cuando Cubango, also known as Kwando Kubango Volupale, is an Angolan province with a population of 534,002 and a population of 199,049.
Menongue is a village in the Cuando Cubango Province of Angola.
Cuchi, Calai, Mavinga, Nancova, Dirico, Cuito Cuanavale, Cuangar, Calai, Rivungo and Menongue are the administrative divisions of this province.
Cuando Cubango Province is an Angolan province that includes the provinces of Cuchi, Calai, Rivungo, Mavinga, Menongue and Cuangar.
Lij Kuh, also known as Lch Kh or Lj Kh, is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Lij Kuh is a village on the map of Iran.
Jaime Boreanaz, born September 23, 1975 as Bergman, is an American actress and model who was named magazine's Playmate of the Month in January 1999.
Jaime Bergman, better known by his stage name Jaime Boreanaz, is an American actor born in Utah in 1975.
The California Bowl is a college football bowl game played annually between the football powerhouses of Ball State, Toledo, Central Michigan, Eastern Michigan, Northern Illinois, and Western Michigan.
The California Bowl is a college football bowl game played annually between the college football powerhouses of Ball State, Cal State Fullerton, Central Michigan, San Jose State, UNLV, Fresno State, Central Michigan, and UNLV.
Zhao Jiande, also known as , was the last king of the Chinese kingdom of Nanyue from his birth in? to his death in 111 BC.
Nanyue is a political party led by Zhao Jiande.
Johann Puch, born 27 June 1862, was a Slovene mechanic and inventor who was one of the most significant vehicle producers in Europe until his death on 19 July 1914.
Johann Puch, known for his stage name Puch, was born in 1862 in Sakuak and died in Austria-Hungary in 1914.
The Battles of Bergisel were four battles fought on Bergisel Hill in Innsbruck between forces of Emperor Napoleon I of France, a contingent of Austrian Regular Soldiers and Tyrolese militiamen.
The Battles of Bergisel was a skirmish skirmish battle between the Tyroleans and the Austrians that took place between Innsbruck and Bergisel with a total strength of 5,000 men.
Oliver Fix, born 21 June 1973 in Augsburg, is a German slalom canoeist who competed from 1990 to 1996.
Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg.
Chekmagushevsky District, also known as араириково, is an administrative and municipal district and raion of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Chekmagushevsky District is a rural locality in Russia.
The Tinayguk River is a 71-mile-long tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The Tinayguk River is a river of Alaska.
Henry Francis Pankhurst was born in 1803, died in 1879, and was the father of Margaret Marsden and Richard Pankhurst, who lived in Stoke, Manchester and London.
Richard Pankhurst died in Manchester in 1898.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Uzgen that plays in the Kyrgyzstan League, the top division in Kyrgyzstan.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan.
He is the vice chairman of the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya and the leader of the Safina political party in Kenya.
Paul Muite is a Kenyan politician and leader of the Safina political party.
HE is a Welsh footballer who plays for St. Peters in Cardiff.
Maurice Joseph Lawson Turnbull, known professionally as Maurice Turnbull, was a Welsh politician born in Cardiff.
David John Magley was an American basketball player and coach who was born on November 24, 1959.
David John Magley, better known by his stage name, Dave Magley, is an American actor who graduated from LaSalle High School.
Lundgren has been associated with Queensrche and Sledgeback since February 2009.
Parker Lundgren is a musician and former member of Queensrche and Sledgeback.
Qabed, also known as Qobeyd, is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran with a population of 54.
Qabed is a village in Iran with a population of 54.
Cagthorpe is a suburb and settlement in Horncastle, Lincolnshire, England.
Cagthorpe is a civil parish in Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph S. Chandler was a major 114th Pennsylvania Infantry from December 1, 1861 until his death on September 18, 1862.
The 75th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment active from 1861 to present.
Old Killingly High School is a historic school building at 185 Broad Street in Killingly, Danielson, Connecticut that was built in 1908.
Old Killingly High School was built in 1908.
She was a Lebanese political party in Lebanon during the 2011-2012 Syrian Uprising and its opposition to anti-Syrian groups such as the Future Movement.
Rifaat Eid was born in Tripoli, Lebanon.
Abbots Bromley School, formerly known as the School of S. Mary and S. Anne, Abbots Bromley or Abbots Bromley School for Girls, was a coeducational boarding, day independent school in the village of Abbots Bromley in Staffordshire, England.
Abbots Bromley School was founded in 1874 in Staffordshire, England.
Isaac Carasso was born in 1874 in Ottoman Salonica, modern Thessaloniki, Greece, and died in Karasu on April 19, 1939.
Isaac Carasso was born in Thessaloniki and died in Paris.
Kahriz-e Kalan, also known as Kahrz-e Kaln, is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran, with a population of 95.
Kahriz-e Kalan is a village on the map of Iran with a population of 95.
Original Concept : Lina Dorado Curated by Luis Cantillo is a book published by Villegas Editores in Bogotá, Colombia.
Lina Dorado was born in Bogotá in 1975.
Behtarabad, also known as Behtarbd, is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran with a population of 157.
Behtarabad is a village in Iran with a population of 157.
The poet was born in Bologna and spent most of his life in So Paulo, Brazil, Argentina and Portugal.
Dino Grandi was born and died in Bologna, Italy.
Dino Grandi, born on 4 June 1895 as the 1st Conte di Mordano, was an Italian Fascist politician who served as Minister of Justice, Minister of Foreign Affairs and President of Parliament from 4 June 1895 until his death on 21 May 1988.
Dino Grandi was born in Mordano, Italy and served as Minister of Foreign Affairs until his death.
Moto Racer is a racing video game released for the PlayStation and PC.
Moto Racer is a racing video game released for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation.
Solar Entertainment Corporation, also known as SEC and Solar, is a Filipino media company owned by the siblings of the Tieng family, Wilson, William and Willy Tieng.
Solar Entertainment Corporation is owned by the Tieng family.
Kazumi Saeki was a Japanese novelist born in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture.
Kazumi Saeki was born in Sendai.
Robin Simon is a Halifax-based guitarist who has been associated with the band Ultravox and an original local band since the early to mid-1970s when Billy Currie left the band.
Robin Simon is a former member of the band Ultravox.
Edmon Colomer is a Spanish conductor born in Barcelona.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona.
Russell Sage was an American financier, railroad executive, and Whig politician from New York, born April 4, 1816, and died July 22, 1906.
Russell Sage was a New York architect.
Zimchung is a village in Mangan subdivision of North Sikkim district in the Indian state of Sikkim.
Zimchung is a village in the Indian state of Sikkim.
Dawn Staley has been an assistant coach for the USA National Team since 2006.
Dawn Staley, born in Philadelphia, is an American college football coach who has coached the South Carolina Gamecocks since 1996.
The Abingdon Glebe House is a historic home in Gloucester, Gloucester County, Virginia, constructed of a T '' -shaped brick in 1700.
Abingdon Glebe House was built around 1700.
Ernest Mamboury died on September 23, 1953 in Istanbul at Feriköy Protestant Cemetery, Feriköy District.
Ernest Mamboury was born in Signy-Avenex and died in Istanbul.
Rahim Mirakhori born 30 April 1956 is an Iranian football Defender who played for Iran in the 1984 Asian Cup.
Rahim Mirakhori was born in Iran.
Ertzia is a monospecific genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Lepidostromataceae in the order Lepidostromatales.
Ertzia is a genus of flowering plants in the order Lepidostromatales in the family Lepidostromataceae.
Nimek, also known as Nmnek or Nmek, is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran with a population of 82.
Nimek is a village in Iran with a population of 82.
Chew was a bishop of Singapore.
John Chew was a bishop born in Singapore.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese automotive engineer and racing driver who has driven the first generation Lexus IS, SC 300, SC 400 and 4th generation of the Toyota Supra in Japan.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese actor born in Japan.
Han Groo was born in 1992 in Namyangju and has been active since 2011.
Han Groo is a South Korean actress and singer born on May 29, 1992 in Min Han-groo.
Makoshika State Park is a 45-populated place/area in Montana, pronounced ma-KO-sh ( ih ) kuh.
Makoshika State Park is a Montana state park.
UST-Bartaga is a regional subdivision of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Ust-Bartaga is a village and rural locality in Karaidelsky District of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Prism Leisure Corporation is a British publishing and distribution company founded in 1980 by Geoff Young in Enfield, Middlesex, United Kingdom.
Prism Leisure Corporation was founded in 1980.
Yada Station was opened on April 2, 1905.
Yada Station opened in 1905.
Richard Jordan Gerler, known professionally as Adam Roarke, was an American actor and film director who was born on August 8, 1937, and died on April 27, 1996.
Richard Jordan Gerler, better known by his stage name Adam Roarke, was a Texas actor born in 1937 and died in Dallas in 1996.
Get Silly is a gold-certified album by the RIAA, released on November 13, 2008.
"Get Silly" is a gold-certified single.
Jan Six van Chandelier was born in Amsterdam in 1620 and died there in 1695.
Johan Six van Chandelier, known by the pen names Joan, Joannes and Joan, was a poet active in the years of the Dutch Golden Age in England, France, Spain, Italy, Spain and Spa.
Lydiate railway station is located on the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway off Carr Lane in Lydiate.
Lydiate railway station is located in Lydiate.
