White Coppice is a hamlet in Chorley, Lancashire, England.
White Coppice is a woodland in County Durham, in England.
Frances Follin Jones ( May 1, 1912 – May 1, 1999 ) was an American classicist, curator, and art historian.
Frances Follin Jones ( May 10, 1912 – May 29, 1999 ) was an American philanthropist, philanthropist, and philanthropist.
Gavin Bishop ( born 1946 ) is a New Zealand author and illustrator.
Gavin Bishop is a New Zealand rower.
Dimasangcay Pundato ( born December 21, 1947 ) was a Moro revolutionary leader.
Dimasangcay Pundato ( born 1947 ) is a Filipino businessman and philanthropist.
Kalam Rud ( Persian :, also Romanized as Kalm Rd ) is a village in Somam Rural District, in the Rankuh District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 197, in 43 families.
Kalam Rud ( Persian :, also Romanized as Kalam Rd ; also known as Kalam Rd-e P ’ n ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 197, in 47 families.
Yingyuehu Park ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is a metro station on the Line 2, Wuxi Metro.
Yingyuehu Park Station ( Chinese : ), is a station of Line 1 of Wuhan Metro. It entered revenue service on December 28, 2015.
The Masters Champions League ( MCL ) is an annual cricket tournament held in the United Arab Emirates.
The Gemini Arabians were the defending champions, but they were knocked out by the Sagittarius Strikers in the quarter-finals.
Born in South Africa, Kallis made his first-class debut for the Libra Legends against the Sagittarius Strikers in a match that ended in a draw.
The Leo Lions won the tournament, defeating the Sagittarius Strikers in the final.
Gemini Arabians were the defending champions, but were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Leo Lions.
Leo Lions were the defending champions, but they were knocked out in the quarter-finals by Libra Legends. The Sagittarius Strikers were the defending champions, but they were knocked out in the semi-finals by Gemini Arabians.
The tournament took place between 28 January and 13 February 2016 at five venues in Dubai, Sharjah and Abu Dhabi.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was the ninth edition of the Masters Champions League. The tournament took place in Sharjah, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and was won by Libra Legends, who defeated Sagittarius Strikers in the final.
Musashi-Yamato Station was opened on April 1, 1930 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways ( JGR ).
Musashi-Yamato Station was opened on April 1, 1930 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways ( JGR ).
Daniel Monte McLain ( May 11, 1955 – November 8, 1995 ), better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, was an American country music singer, songwriter, and musician.
Daniel Monte McLain, better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, is an American country music singer-songwriter.
Anna Bagriana was born in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast. She graduated from the Language Institute of Shevchenko National University of Kyiv.
Anna Bagriana was born in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Itamar Rabinovich ( Hebrew : ; born 1942 ) is an Israeli businessman and philanthropist.
Itamar Rabinovich was born in Jerusalem.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi ( 1963 – 22 September 2014 ) was an Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi ( Arabic :     ), also known as Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi ( Arabic :      ), was a member of the Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ). She died in Mosul, Iraq.
Jan Matham ( 1600 – 1648 ) was a Dutch painter.
Jan Matham was born in Haarlem.
The Refuge Capitán Cobbett ( Spanish : ) is a refuge in Antarctica.
Cierva Cove ( Bulgarian :, ‘ Cove Cierva ’ crva '' ) is a small, ice-covered cove on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Hirafu Station is a railway station on the Hakodate Main Line in Kutchan, Hokkaido, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ).
Hirafu Station is served by the Hakodate Main Line.
Bluenotes is a Canadian lifestyle '' clothing retailer. It was founded in 1984 by Thrifty's Inc., and is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Bluenotes was founded in 1984 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
For the Fallen Dreams is an American rock band formed in 2003. The band consists of Jim Hocking ( vocals, guitar ), Chris Ash ( bass ), Andrew Tkaczyk ( drums ), and Aaron Long ( vocals, guitar ).
For the Fallen Dreams is an American metalcore band from Detroit, Michigan, formed in 2003.
Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Ghazbaniyeh ( Persian :, also Romanized as Ghabnyeh, Raddeh-ye Ghabnyeh, and Ghabnyeh ) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 14 families.
Ghazbaniyeh ( Persian :, also Romanized as Ghabnyeh ; also known as Ghabnyeh-ye ‘ Oly ) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 10 families.
Diyar-e-Dil ( Urdu :   ) is a Pakistani television show, which is telecast from Lahore, Punjab and Skardo, Gilgit–Baltistan.
The film was shot in Lahore and Skardo, Gilgit–Baltistan.
Jakob Ritter von Danner ( 7 August 1865 – 28 December 1942 ) was a general in the Imperial German Army during World War I.
Jakob Ritter von Danner died in Munich.
The Trondheim City Encyclopedia ( Norwegian : ) is an encyclopedia of the city of Trondheim, Norway. The encyclopedia is published by Kunnskapsforlaget.
is a Norwegian encyclopedia published by Kunnskapsforlaget in Trondheim, Norway.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati ( March 10, 1805 – October 27, 1844 ) was an Italian painter.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Vienna.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in Jefferson County, Colorado.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the Front Range of Colorado in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Richard Peter Davis ( born December 30, 1957 ) is an American guitarist and bandleader.
Richard Peter Davis was born in Chicago, Illinois.
Shawn Matheson ( born May 6, 1972 ) is a Canadian ice sledge hockey player.
Shawn Matheson is a Paralympian athlete from Canada competing mainly in category F42 javelin throw events.
The 1967 men and pairs competitions took place from February 28 to March 4 in Vienna, Austria.
The 1967 competitions for men, ladies, pair skating, and ice dancing took place from February 15 to 18 in Vienna, Austria.
Louis Kurihara ( born 6 December 1994 ) is a Japanese rugby union player.
Louis Kurihara ( born March 1, 1994 ) is an American actor.
The Alfred Shale is a geologic formation in New York. It preserves fossils dating back to the Devonian period.
The Alfred Shale is a geologic formation in New York. It preserves fossils dating back to the Devonian period.
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja ( born August 13, 1985 ) is an Ecuadorian footballer.
Gabriel Espinosa was born in Quito, Ecuador.
Temple University is a private university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. It is home to the Philadelphia Medical School, the Philadelphia Dental College, and the Samaritan Hospital.
Temple University is a private university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Real Face  is a song by South Korean girl group KAT-TUN.
Real Face  is a song by South Korean girl group KAT-TUN.
Mtshabezi Mission is a ward in the Gwanda District of Matabeleland South province of Zimbabwe.
The Mtshabezi Mission ( Mtshabezi Mission ) is a military installation in Mtshabezi, Zimbabwe.
The Gamits are an American rock band formed in 1996.
The Gamits are an American punk rock band from New York City, formed in 1996.
Eliezer Kulas ( Hebrew :, born 29 August 1944 ) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1981 to 1988.
Eliezer Kulas was born in Kyzylorda.
Funcke died in Römstedt, near Lüneburg.
He was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Riccardo Ruotolo ( November 15, 1928 – August 1, 2012 ) was an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born in Castellammare del Grappa, Italy.
Maxim Lemire ( born March 30, 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel ) is a Canadian politician.
Lemire was born in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Quebec, Canada.
She was also the grand marshal for the Dublin St Patrick's day parade.
Annalise Murphy is an Irish sailor. She represented Ireland at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed in the women's 470 class. She also represented Ireland at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where she competed in the women's 470 class. She lives in Dublin.
Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos ( born 16 January 1938 ), also known as Betty Missiego, is a Peruvian singer.
Betty Missiego was born in Lima, Peru.
Tianjin Airlines ( simplified Chinese : ; traditional Chinese : ; pinyin : ), formerly Tinjn Hángkng ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ), is an airline based in Tianjin, China.
Tianjin Airlines ( simplified Chinese : ; traditional Chinese : ; pinyin : ) was an airline based in Tianjin, People's Republic of China.
Tianjin Airlines ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ), formerly Grand China Air ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ), is an airline based in Tianjin, China.
Tianjin Airlines ( simplified Chinese : ; traditional Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is an airline based in Tianjin, China.
Jamila Sanmoogan ( born 20 March 1997 ) is a Guyanese swimmer.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese actress.
James Alan Polster ( September 14, 1947 – December 15, 2012 ) was an American novelist, screenwriter, movie producer, explorer, and journalist.
James Alan Polster ( July 27, 1947 – February 11, 2012 ) was an American historian, author, and professor emeritus of history at the University of California, Berkeley.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was contested by Leeds and Liverpool at Wembley.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was contested by Leeds United and Liverpool at Wembley Stadium in London.
The Sri Lanka Police Academy ( Sinhala :, Tamil : ) is a police college in Dehiwala, Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka Police Academy ( Sinhala :, Tamil : ) is a police academy in Dehiwala, Sri Lanka.
Rajaa al-Sanea ( born 1981 ) is a Saudi writer.
Al-Sanea was born in Riyadh in 1981.
Alessandro dal Borro was born in Arezzo.
Alessandro dal Borro was born in Arezzo.
The defence of Aydn ( Turkish : ) was a battle of the Greco-Turkish War ( 1919-1922 ).
The Battle of Aydn ( Turkish : ) was a battle of the Turkish Civil War that took place in Aydn, Ottoman Turkey.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match played between Bayern Munich and Boca Juniors, the defending champions of the 2001–02 UEFA Champions League.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match played between Bayern Munich and Boca Juniors. The match was played at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan. Bayern Munich won the match 1–0.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya ( Persian : ) is a village in Honam Rural District, Honam District, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya ( Persian :, also Romanized as Cham Takleh-ye ‘ Oly ; also known as Cham Takleh-ye Bl and Cham Takleh-ye Bl ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Stock Aitken Waterman, also known as SAW, is a British singer, songwriter and record producer. He is best known for his Eurobeat and Hi-NRG music.
Stock Aitken Waterman, also known as SAW, is a British DJ, record producer, and songwriter. He is best known for his Eurobeat and Hi-NRG music.
Stock Aitken Waterman was a British record producer, songwriter and lyricist, best known for his work in Hi-NRG, Motown, Italo-disco, Eurobeat and R & B.
Stock Aitken Waterman is a British record producer, known for his work in the Eurobeat, Hi-NRG and R & B genres.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrow ( Persian : ) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 15 families.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi ( Persian :, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Khosrow ) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 15 families.
Michael Lynn Durham ( born July 1, 1969 ) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Johnny Grunge.
Michael Lynn Durham ( July 10, 1966 – February 16, 2006 ) was an American professional wrestler.
The airport is owned and operated by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad ( MAHB ).
Sultan Ismail Petra Airport ( IATA : KLT, ICAO : WBKK ) is an airport in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are a junior  B '' ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are a junior  B '' ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University ( Arabic : ) is a public university in Fez, Morocco.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University ( Arabic : ) is a public university in Sidi Ben Abdellah, Morocco.
The hospital is affiliated with the National Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, the Florida Association of Children ’ s Hospitals, the Children ’ s Miracle Network, the Ronald McDonald House, the Give Kids the World, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and Related Institutions.
The Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children ( APHCC ) is a children's hospital located in Lakeland, Florida, United States.
Millennium House is a Grade II listed building in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
Millennium House is a Grade II * listed building in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
Andrejs Grants ( Latvian : ) is a Latvian photographer. He is known for his portraits of people in Latvia.
Andrejs Grants was born in Riga, Latvia.
Maurizio Ragano ( died 1640 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi ( 1636–1640 ).
Maurizio Ragano was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi ( 1598–? )
It Ain't My Fault 2  is a song by American rapper Mystikal.
Silkk's debut album,, was released on May 10, 2012. The album features guest appearances from Mystikal, C-Murder, and X-Murder.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup ( Belgian : ) was a football match played on 21 July 2013 between the 2012–13 Belgian Pro League winners Anderlecht and the 2012–13 Belgian Cup winners Genk.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup ( Belgian : ) was a football match contested by the winners of the 2012–13 Belgian Football League and the 2012–13 Belgian Cup. The match was played at the Stade Olympique de Bruxelles in Anderlecht.
Siriz Rural District ( Persian : ) is a rural district ( ) in Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 12 families. The rural district has one city : Hamsch.
Hamsij ( Persian :, also Romanized as amsj ; also known as amsj-e Bl ) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 10 families.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County, Idaho, United States, located in the Soldier Mountains of Sawtooth National Forest.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
Hugh Hudson ( born 25 August 1936 ) is an English film director.
Hudson was born in London, UK.
James R. Ratliff ( born January 19, 1951 ) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Arkansas. He served in the Arkansas House of Representatives from January 2011 to January 2013, and from January 14, 2013 to January 2017.
James Ratliff is an American politician and a Democratic member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing District 73 since January 2011.
Siim-Sander Vene ( born 12 November 1990 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player.
Siim-Sander Vene ( born 1 January 1994 ) is an Estonian handball player for HC Vlerenga and the Estonian national team.
Velike Brusnice ( ; German : ) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci range in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Velike Brusnice ( ) is a settlement in the Municipality of entjur in eastern Slovenia.
The Green Wave played their home games at the Louisiana Superdome. They participated as members of Conference USA.
The Green Wave played their home games at the Louisiana Superdome. They participated as members of Conference USA.
Pir Ahmadlu ( Persian :, also Romanized as Pr Amadl ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 18 families.
Pir Ahmadlu ( Persian :, also Romanized as Pr Amadl ; also known as Pr Amad ) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 18 families.
Francesco Falconi ( born June 26, 1976 ) is an Italian writer.
Francesco Falconi was born in Grosseto, Italy.
The Greater New York Councils are a group of Boy Scouts of America councils in New York State.
The Greater New York Councils are a group of Boy Scout councils in New York State, United States.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan ( Malayalam : ) is an Indian film director, screenwriter and lyricist.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is an Indian film actor who works in Malayalam cinema.
Louis-Joseph Moll ( August 24, 1816 – August 5, 1872 ) was a physician and political figure in Quebec.
Louis-Joseph Moll ( March 29, 1826 – March 7, 1891 ) was a Quebec lawyer and political figure.
The Wilmot Mansion is a historic home in Bethany, Wayne County, Pennsylvania.
Wilmot Mansion is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware. It was built in 1827, and is a two-story, five bay, Federal style brick dwelling.
Yorkshire Heart Vineyard and Brewery is a winery and brewery located in Nun Monkton, New South Wales, Australia.
Nun Monkton is a village in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Arlene Blum ( born March 1, 1945 ) is an American mountaineer and environmental health scientist.
Arlene Blum ( born 1945 ) is an American mountaineer.
is a shooter game developed by Irem and released for the SNES in 1991.
is a racing video game developed by Irem for the Sega Genesis, Nintendo Entertainment System, and Wii.
Benjamin Say ( August 28, 1755 – April 23, 1813 ) was a U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania.
Benjamin Say ( March 4, 1792 – September 22, 1863 ) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Burke Lake Park is a public park in Fairfax, Virginia, United States.
Burke Lake Park is a public recreation area located in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
He worked as a translator for the U.S. military, the British Embassy in Beijing, and the Communist Party of China.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Beijing, China.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Paris, France, to a Sicilian father and a French mother.
Jean Pasqualini ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Wade–Giles : ), also known as Bao Ruowang ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Wade–Giles : ), was a Chinese-French writer.
He died in 1997 in a Paris hospital.
Jean Pasqualini ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ), also known as Bao Ruowang ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Wade–Giles : ), was a member of the Laogai clan.
Jean Pasqualini ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ), also known as Bao Ruowang ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ), is a French-Chinese actor.
Jean Pasqualini ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Peh-e-j : ), also known as Bao Ruowang ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Wade–Giles : ), was a French-Chinese spy.
Jean Pasqualini ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Peh-e-j : Bao Ruowang ; 1926 – 9 October 1997 ) was a French journalist and human rights activist.
Jean Pasqualini ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Peh-e-j : ), also known as Bao Ruowang ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Wade–Giles : ), was a French-Chinese businessman and philanthropist.
Teikyo School United Kingdom is a Japanese international boarding school in Wexham, Buckinghamshire.
South Bucks is a local government district in Buckinghamshire, England. Its council is based in Wexham.
The Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground in St Cross, Winchester, Hampshire.
The Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground in Winchester, Hampshire.
Thomas Edmondson ( 30 June 1792 – 22 June 1851 ) was an English inventor.
Thomas Edmondson ( 1792 – 1851 ) was an English architect.
Simon Dach ( c. 1560 – c. 1630 ) was a Prussian physician and botanist who was a native of Königsberg.
Simon Dach was born in Klaipda, Kingdom of Prussia ( now Lithuania ).
Mont Albert railway station is located on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia.
Mont Albert railway station is located in Mont Albert, Quebec, Canada. The station opened in 1890 and is located on the Montreal and Quebec Central Railway.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born on May 4, 1961 in Van Nuys, California.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough ( born June 24, 1961 ) is an American actress.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the third season of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the third season of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies ( PAR ) is a care and research not-for-profit organization based in Colorado.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies is a non-profit organization based in Colorado, United States.
Susana Campos ( August 31, 1934 – October 16, 2004 ) was an Argentine actress.
Susana Campos ( 19 July 1934 – 19 December 2004 ) was a Brazilian actress.
Irving  Irv '' Kupcinet ( July 31, 1912 – November 10, 2003 ) was an American radio personality, television talk-show host and newspaper columnist.
Irv Kupcinet ( April 10, 1912 – April 15, 2003 ) was an American actor.
Susan Lynn Gordon ( July 27, 1949 – December 11, 2011 ) was an American child actress.
Susan Lynn Gordon ( September 22, 1949 – February 11, 2011 ) was an American actress.
In 2007, 20 Fingers released his first solo album,, a collaboration with American R & B singer-songwriter, songwriter, and music producer, J. Cole. In 2008, 20 Fingers released his second solo album,, a collaboration with American R & B singer-songwriter, songwriter, and music producer.
In 1994, 20 Fingers released their debut album,, which peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi, Georgia. He studied at the Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi, Georgia.
Valovoy Kordon ( Russian : ) is a lake in Uglovsky District, Altai Krai, Russia.
Valovoy Kordon ( Russian : ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kichmengskoye Rural Settlement, Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Cvetanovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : ) is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Cvetanovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : ) is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Marmaris National Park ( Turkish : ) is a national park in Mula Province, Turkey.
Marmaris National Park ( Turkish : ) is a national park in Köyceiz, Turkey.
Bernhard Schott ( 10 August 1748 – 26 April 1809 ) was a German composer.
Schott Music is a musical instrument manufacturer based in Germany.
Shoaib Khan ( born April 13, 1985 ) is a Pakistani cricketer.
Shoaib Khan ( Urdu : ) is a town and union council of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
Nathan Luke West ( born September 29, 1978 ) is an American actor, musician, singer, and musician.
Nathan Luke West ( born December 12, 1978 ) is an American actor.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport ( IATA : PHW, ICAO : FAPH ) is an airport serving Phalaborwa, a town in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport ( IATA : PHL, ICAO : FXPL ) is an airport serving Phalaborwa, Limpopo, South Africa.
José Vandor Puchner ( born József Wech ; 29 October 1909 – 8 October 1979 ) was a Hungarian Roman Catholic priest.
Joseph Vandor ( January 10, 1909 – February 12, 1979 ) was an American film and television actor.
Wech was born on 29 October 1909 in the village of Dorog in the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 in the village of Dorog, in the Russian Empire ( now in Ukraine ).
NSB Di 2 was a diesel-electric locomotive built by Maschinenbau Kiel in Thune, Germany, for the Norwegian State Railways ( NSB ) between 1954 and 1957.
NSB Di 2 is a class of diesel-electric locomotives built by Thune for the Norwegian State Railways ( NSB ).
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality located in the province of vila, Castile and León, Spain.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.
Everybody Is a Star  is a song written by Sylvester Stewart and produced by Sly and the Family Stone.
Everybody Is a Star  is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Marvin Gaye. It was released in December 1969 as the second single from his album.
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverlodge Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sven Gunnarsson was born in 1636 in Sweden.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden.
Heinrich Brunner ( 21 June 1840 – 11 August 1915 ) was a German historian.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels.
The Myanmar Peace Centre ( MPC ) is a non-governmental organization based in Yangon, Myanmar ( Burma ).
The Myanmar Peace Centre ( MPC ) is a non-governmental organization based in Yangon, Myanmar.
Thomas Van Hamme ( born 10 February 1969 ) is a Belgian radio and TV moderator.
Thomas Van Hamme ( born 1969 ) is a Belgian businessman.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the University of Georgia during the 1920 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the Georgia Bulldogs of the University of Georgia during the 1920 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season.
The road connects Selayang to Gombak.
Jalan Batu Caves ( Selayang - Gombak ) is a major road in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
FL Studio Mobile 3 is the third version of FL Studio Mobile, developed by Image-Line and Artua.
FL Studio Mobile is a mobile version of FL Studio developed by Image-Line.
The Young Survival Coalition ( YSC ) is an international 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization founded in 1998 by three young women with breast cancer.
The Young Survival Coalition ( YSC ) is a non-profit organization founded in 1998.
The Ivory Sands House is a historic house located at 145 Elm Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The Ivory Sands House is a historic house located at 220 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built in 1839, it is a well-preserved example of Greek Revival architecture, and is one of the city's finest examples of Greek Revival architecture.
Matthijs Wulfraet died in Amsterdam in 1683.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem.
John  Johnny '' Almond ( 29 July 1946 – 18 November 2009 ) was a British saxophonist.
Johnny Almond is a British musician, best known as a founding member of the band Mark-Almond.
Rossio ( ), also known as King Pedro IV Square ( Praça de D. Pedro IV ), is a central square in Lisbon, Portugal.
Rossio Square ( Portuguese : ) is the central square of Lisbon, Portugal.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a local operation in World War I fought between the British Second Army and the German 4th Army in the Ypres Salient in Belgium.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel, also known as the Battle of Ypres, was a battle of the First World War fought between the armies of the Kingdom of Belgium and the Kingdom of France.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen ( born 1949 ) is a Dutch educator and politician. She served as Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2014 to 2015.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen is a Dutch politician who served as Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States, on the shores of the Mississippi River.
Barnes Reeves Eason ( November 19, 1914 – October 25, 1921 ) was an American football player.
( August 10, 1914 – December 3, 1921 ) was an American film actor.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence ( 28 July 1923 – 21 April 2009 ) was an Indian educationalist.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence, popularly known as H. S. S. Lawrence ( 1923–2009 ), was an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter.
On 7 April 2009, Qiu Fazu was buried in Qiu Fazu Square, Wuhan.
Qiu Fazu ( simplified Chinese : ; traditional Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Wade–Giles : ; born in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China ; died in Wuhan, Hunan, China ) was a Chinese poet.
Mardengskoye Rural Settlement ( Russian : ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Moseyev Pochinok ( Russian : ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Moseyevsky Selsoviet, Kichmengskoye Rural Settlement, Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Spacetime Studios is a games development studio based in Austin, Texas. It was founded in 2005 by Cinco Barnes, Gary Gattis, and Anthony L. Sommers.
Spacetime Studios is an American video game developer based in San Antonio, Texas.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a geologic formation in Scotland. It preserves fossils dating back to the Carboniferous period.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a geologic formation in Scotland. It preserves fossils dating back to the Carboniferous period.
In 2008, Yazawa founded Garuru Records.
Eikichi Yazawa is a Japanese singer, songwriter and record producer. He is signed to Garuru Records.
The Green Bay Packers are an American professional football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. They compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member of the Western Conference.
The 1965 National Football League season ended with the Green Bay Packers defeating the Baltimore Colts in the 1965 Super Bowl.
In 1998, Animazement was held at the North Raleigh Hilton in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The convention was held at the Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center in Raleigh, North Carolina, and the Raleigh Convention Center in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Little Joe 1A, also known as LJ-1A, was an unmanned rocket launched by NASA on November 4, 1959.
Little Joe 1A, also known as Little Joe 2, was a test flight of NASA's Little Joe spacecraft.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
He died in Paris in 1924.
Louis Delluc ( 1890 – 1924 ) was a French sculptor.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia.
is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on Fox from 1986 to 1987. The series is based on the fictitious Hickory High School in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Bobby Plump attended Milan High School in Milan, Ohio.
is a 1993 American martial arts film directed by Kurt Anderson and produced by Pierre David. The film stars Gary Hudson, Jeff Wincott, Richard Jaeckel, and Gary Hudson.
The film was written by Thomas Ritz and Pierre David, and directed by Kurt Anderson.
The team is a member of the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. The team is a member of the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I.
Rangra is a village in the Jalandhar district of Punjab, India. It is located in the Nakodar tehsil.
Rangra is a village in Nakodar in Jalandhar district of Punjab State, India.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien ( October 1, 1877 – January 17, 1967 ) was a Canadian physician and a founder of the Sainte-Justine Hospital.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born in Montreal in 1877.
Tianshili ( Chinese : ) is a station on line 3 of the Tianjin Metro. It started operations on 28 December 2012.
Tianshili Station ( Chinese : ), is a station of Line 1 of Wuhan Metro. It entered revenue service on December 28, 2012.
Mary Marg Helgenberger ( born November 16, 1958 ) is an American actress.
Mary Marg Helgenberger ( born March 18, 1958 ) is an American actress.
Mount Pippu is located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains, Hokkaid, Japan.
Mount Pippu is located in the Hidaka Mountains, Hokkaid, Japan.
Henrik Fig is a Danish football midfielder.
Henrik Fig is a retired Danish footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for Denmark in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.
Kahin-Zarabaon is a village in the Montagnes District of Bangolo Department in the Guémon Region of Ivory Coast.
Pinhou is a village in central Ivory Coast. It is in the sub-prefecture of Kahin-Zarabaon, Kahin Department, Haut-Sassandra Region, Sassandra-Marahoué District.
The Yorkshire Jets are a netball team based in Leeds, Yorkshire, England.
The Yorkshire Jets are an American football team based in Leeds, Yorkshire, England.
The main building of Moscow State University ( Russian : ) is a skyscraper in Moscow, Russia.
The main building of Moscow State University ( Russian : ) is the main building of Moscow State University in Moscow, Russia.
Franz Christian Gau ( 15 June 1790 – January 1854 ) was a German architect and archaeologist.
He was born in Cologne and died in Paris.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was raised at Baltimore, Maryland, on September 20, 1776, under the command of Colonel John C. Smith.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was organized at Baltimore, Maryland, in September 1776 and mustered in for a three-year enlistment.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College ( STAMC ) ( Bengali : ) is a medical school in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College ( STAMC ) ( Bengali : ) is a public medical college in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Carla Juri ( born January 2, 1985 ) is a Swiss actress.
Carla Juri ( born April 25, 1985 ) is an American actress.
Urumqi Air ( Chinese : ) is a low-cost airline based in Ürümqi, the capital of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
Urumqi Air was an airline based in Ürümqi, China.
Mohamad Issack, popularly known as Isaq, is an Indian film director, screenwriter and film producer.
Mohamad Issack ( Arabic : ) is a Moroccan film director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for his film Agadam.
Varano Borghi is a municipality in the Province of Varese, in Lombardy, northern Italy.
Varano Borghi is a ( municipality ) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southeast of Varese.
Nicolae Xenopol died in Tokyo, Japan, at the age of 82.
Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia.
Nicolae Xenopol died in Tokyo, Japan, at the age of 82.
Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia.
Harlow Town railway station is a railway station in Harlow, Essex, England.
Harlow Town railway station is on the West Anglia Main Line in the town of Harlow in Essex, England.
Walter Thomas Beeson was born on 10 February 1889 in Oxford, England.
Cyril Beeson was born in Oxford in 1889.
Marion McCorry ( born October 10, 1945 ) is an American film and television actress.
Marion McCorry ( born 1945 ) is an American actress.
Sumiko Sakamoto ( born November 26, 1936 in Osaka, Japan ) is a Japanese actress.
Sumiko Sakamoto is a former professional tennis player from Japan.
Victor Valley High School is a public high school in Victorville, California, United States.
Victor Valley High School is a public high school in Victorville, California, United States.
Kearns-Saint Ann School is a private, Roman Catholic, college preparatory school in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
Kearns-Saint Ann Catholic School is a private, Roman Catholic, college preparatory school in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
Manning Island ( ) is a small, ice-covered island, 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) long, lying off the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Manning Island ( ) is a small, ice-covered island, 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) long, lying off the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Callum Hawkins ( born 22 June 1992 ) is a British distance runner.
Callum Hawkins is a British racing driver.
Callum Hawkins ( born 22 June 1992 ) is a British distance runner.
Hawkins was born in Elderslie, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. He is a British sprint canoeist, who competed for Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
He attended the University of the West of Scotland, graduating with a degree in mechanical engineering.
Hawkins was born in Elderslie, West Lothian, Scotland. He is a member of the University of the West of Scotland and Butler University.
Jalal Khoury ( Arabic : ; 28 May 1933 – 3 December 2017 ) was a Lebanese playwright, theatre director, comedian and artistic editor.
Jalal Khoury ( Arabic : ) is a Lebanese politician. He is the mayor of Beirut.
He is buried in the Cathedral of San Salvador, Oviedo, and in the Pantheon of Asturian Kings, Oviedo.
Ramiro was born in Oviedo, the capital of the province of Asturias.
The Vorpostenboot ( English : ) was a series of air raids during World War II by the Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) on the island of Skaggerak off Justy, Norway.
List of shipwrecks in October 1944 is a list of shipwrecks which occurred during October 1944. The ship Vorpostenboot was sunk by a German submarine in the Baltic Sea in October 1944.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II ( 26 January 1814 – 11 August 1871 ) was a Canadian composer, organist and music educator.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II, also known as J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, J. C. Brauneis, Montreal
is the second studio album by the Greek metal band Replikas. It was released in November, 2008 through Peyote Music.
is the second studio album by the Greek rock band Replikas. It was released on Peyote in 2005.
Benjamin Brooks Thomas ( November 28, 1931 – February 5, 2010 ) was an American lawyer and executive.
Brooks Thomas ( September 22, 1931 – February 11, 2010 ) was an American actor.
is a silent animated short subject produced by Paul Terry for the Aesop's Fables film series.
The film was produced by Paul Terry and was shot at Fables Studios.
Sylvia Morales ( born 1943 ) is a Mexican-American film director, screenwriter, producer, editor, and writer.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American writer.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American actress.
She received the Rockefeller Fellowship Award in media from the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women.
Carolyn is an American country music band formed in 1995. The band's name is a combination of the words  Carolyn '',  Carolyn '',  Carolyn '',  Carolyn '',  Carolyn '',  Carolyn '',  Carolyn '', and  Carolyn ''.
Carolyn Arends is an American country music artist. Her first album,, was released in 1995 on Reunion Records.
Pour Lui released their debut single,  DiPROMiSE '', in September 2009.
Pour Lui is a French electronic music duo consisting of former members of BiS. Formed in 2009, the duo released their debut album,, in 2010.
Abdul Satar Sirat ( Pashto : ) is a former Afghan footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for Afghanistan in the 2001 Asian Cup.
Abdul Satar Sirat ( Pashto : ) is a politician in Afghanistan.
Keydan ( Persian :, also known as Kheydn, Khaidn, and Keydn ) is a village in Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Keydan ( Persian :, also Romanized as Keydn ; also known as Keydn-e Bl ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 909, in 201 families.
Caidi was born in Ravenna, in the province of Ravenna, in the Italian region of Romagna.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna, Italy.
Universal Engineering College ( UEC ) is a private engineering college in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur District, Kerala, India.
Universal Engineering College ( UEC ) is an engineering college located in Irinjalakuda, Ernakulam district, Kerala, India.
Gerran Lyn Howell ( born 25 February 1991 ) is a Welsh actor, writer, director and producer.
Gerran Lyn Howell ( born 21 March 1991 ) is a Welsh actor.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute ( Persian : ) is a village and agricultural institute in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute ( Persian : – ) is a village and institute in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute ( Persian : ) is a village and agricultural institute in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute ( Persian : – ) is a village and institute in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.
Alberto Sordi ( June 15, 1920 – February 24, 2003 ) was an Italian actor, voice actor, composer, screenwriter and comedian.
Alberto Sordi ( 20 April 1920 – 10 April 2003 ) was an Italian film director, screenwriter and actor.
Gastone Moschin ( born 1929 ) is a French film director and screenwriter.
Gastone Moschin ( 8 June 1929 – 4 September 2017 ) was an Italian stage, television and film actor.
The Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, completed in 1980.
The Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaid, Japan, completed in 1980.
The BMW 1 Series is a subcompact executive car produced by the German automaker BMW since 2004.
The BMW 1 Series is a mid-engine, front-wheel-drive luxury car produced by the German automaker BMW.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu ( Persian :, also Romanized as Mazra ‘ eh-ye Psh ) is a village in Kushk-e Nar District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 10 families.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu ( Persian :, also Romanized as Mazra ‘ eh-ye Psh ; also known as Mazra ‘ eh-ye Psh ) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Petralia Sottana ( Sicilian : ) is a town and in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy.
Petralia Sottana ( Sicilian : ) is a town and in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy.
Fort Portal Hospital, also known as Fort Portal Regional Referral Hospitals, is a public hospital in the Western Region of Uganda.
Fort Portal Hospital is a hospital in Uganda.
Carlo Broglia was born in Chieri, Italy on 16 September 1552.
Carlo Broglia was born in Chieri, Italy.
Mickey Rosenthal ( Hebrew : ) is an Israeli investigative journalist and documentary film director.
( Hebrew :, ) is a 2014 Israeli documentary film directed by Ilan Abudi.
Dinghurst fort is an Iron Age univallate hillfort near the village of Dinghurst, Somerset, England.
Dinghurst fort is an Iron Age hill fort in Dinghurst, Somerset, England.
The Cauldron of Rebirth ( Welsh : ) is a magical cauldron believed to revive the dead.
Pair Dadeni, also known as  The Cauldron of Rebirth '', is a fictional character in the fantasy series.
The Cauldron of Rebirth, also known as Pair Dadeni, is a magical cauldron in the Efnisien world.
The Cauldron of Rebirth ( Welsh : ) is a magical cauldron believed to revive the dead.
Pair Dadeni ( Welsh : ) is a Welsh witch who claims to have the power to restore the dead to life.
The Cauldron of Rebirth ( Welsh : ), also known as Pair Dadeni ( Welsh : ), is a magical potter's potter's vessel. It is owned by the Efnisien, a branch of Bendigeidfran.
In 1915, she founded the first female literary magazine in Japan.
Yamakawa Kikue was a samurai of early Edo period Japan.
Joshi Eigaku Juku, also known as TsudaJuku University, is a private women's college in Tokyo, Japan.
Yamakawa Kikue was born in Tokyo, Japan.
Ilija Krstevski ( Macedonian : ; born 21 February 1993 ) is a Macedonian handball player.
Ilija Krstevski ( Macedonian : ) is a Macedonian former professional basketball player.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in the Wierzbinek district of Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kryszkowice, within Kocierzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
The Duke Blue Devils are the athletic teams that represent Duke University in the NCAA Division I FBS football season of 2012.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team represented the Duke Blue Devils of Duke University during the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by David Cutcliffe and played its home games at Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina.
The Blue Devils compete in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) and play their home games at Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team represented Duke University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was led by second-year head coach David Cutcliffe and played its home games at Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina. Duke competed as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) in the Coastal Division.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an unpaved airfield in Kirchzarten, a suburb of Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Kirchzarten Airfield ( German : ) is a private airfield in Kirchzarten, a suburb of Freiburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Halperin was born in Vienna, Austria, to a Jewish family.
Rafael Halperin was born in Vienna, Austria.
Petru Poni ( 4 January 1841 – 2 April 1925 ) was a Moldavian chemist and mineralogist.
Petru Poni ( 1841, Săcărești – 1925, Iași ) was a Romanian painter.
Brooke Langton ( born November 27, 1970 ) is an American actress.
Brooke Langton ( born 1970 ) is an American actress.
Giovanni De Agostini was born in Rome, Italy in 1901.
De Agostini was founded in 1901 by Giuseppe De Agostini.
The Roncesvalles Pass ( French : Roncevaux Pass, Spanish : Ronceval Pass ) is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees.
The Pass of Roncesvalles ( Spanish : ), also known as Roncevaux Pass ( French : ), is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees in Spain.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument ( d-SHAY ) is a U.S. National Monument located in the Four Corners region of the U.S. state of Arizona.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located in the U.S. state of Arizona.
Tabayin Township ( Burmese : ) is a township of Sagaing Division in Shwebo District in the Shan State of Burma.
Tabayin Township is a township of Tayin District in the Sagaing Division of Burma.
The S. Curtis Smith House is a historic house located at 56 Fairmont Avenue in Newton, Massachusetts.
The S. Curtis Smith House is a historic house located at 105 E. Main St. in the city of Greensboro, North Carolina. It was built in 1883, and is a two-story, three bay, Queen Anne style frame dwelling.
Yves Mondesir ( born October 12, 1975 ), also known as DJ Whoo Kid, is an American–Haitian DJ and record producer.
DJ Whoo Kid is an American rapper, record producer, and DJ. He is a member of the hip hop group G-Unit.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born in Rheydt, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born in Rheydt, Saxony-Anhalt, the son of Joseph Goebbels, a banker, and his wife, Anna.
The Normals disbanded in 2002.
The Normals disbanded in 2002.
Wildparkstadion is a football stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Wildparkstadion is a multi-use stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Sorkh Geriveh ( Persian :, also known as Sorkh Chr, Sorkh Gerveh, Sorkh Geryeh, Sorkh Gerveh, and Surkhchari ) is a village in Yaneh Sar District, Shohada Rural District, in the Central District of Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Sorkh Geriveh ( Persian :, also Romanized as Sorkh Gerveh and Sorkh-e Gerveh ; also known as Sorkh-e Gerveh-ye Bl and Sorkh-e Gerveh-ye Bl ) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh ( Persian :, also Romanized as eydarbd-e Meyheh ) is a village in Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh ( Persian :, also Romanized as eydarbd-e Meyheh ; also known as eydarbd ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 39 families.
Ben T. Reyes ( born February 16, 1947 ) is a Mexican American businessman and politician from Houston, Texas.
Reyes was born in Houston, Texas.
Romani was born in L'Aquila, Italy.
Romani was born in L'Aquila, Italy.
On 19 December 1996, Great Central Mines NL was renamed Great Central Mines Limited.
Great Central Mines ( formerly Great Central Mines NL ) is a mining company in the Netherlands.
The Badener Sprint-Preis is a Group 3 flat horse race in Germany open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Baden-Baden over a distance of 2,000 metres ( about 114 miles ), and it is scheduled to take place each year in August.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is a Group 3 flat horse race in Germany open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Baden-Baden over a distance of 1,600 metres ( about 114 miles ), and it is scheduled to take place each year in August.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla ( Persian :, also Romanized as Kal-e Qaţr-e Soflá ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla ( Persian :, also Romanized as Kaleh Qaţr-e Soflá ; also known as Kaleh Qaţr-e P ’ n ) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
The Pop Version of  Tears in Heaven '' was released as a bonus track on the album.
Tears in Heaven '' ( Pop Version )
Michael Berenbaum ( born July 31, 1945 ) is an American scholar, writer, filmmaker, and rabbi.
Michael Berenbaum ( born 1945 ) is an American businessman and philanthropist.
Padiham ( PAD-i-m ) is a small town in Lancashire, England.
Padiham is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Chorley, Lancashire, England.
Gol-e Darakht ( Persian : ) is a village in the Central District of Meyghan County, in Nehbandan County, in South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 4 families.
Gol-e Darakht ( Persian : ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 5 families.
He was educated at Abingdon School and Durham University, graduating with a degree in Natural Sciences.
He was born at Oxford, Oxfordshire.
Vaikule was born on 31 March 1954 in Csis, Latvia.
Vaikule was born in Csis, Latvia.
Guillaume-Nicolas-Louis Leclercq ( ; 15 November 1745 – 2 September 1792 ) was a French revolutionary.
Salomone Leclercq died in Paris in 1792.
al-Bab District ( Arabic :, ) is a district of Aleppo Governorate in northern Syria.
al-Bab District ( Arabic :, ) is a district of the Al-Hasakah Governorate in northern Syria.
Caeciliusetae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha.
Caeciliusetae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha.
( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ), ( ) was a German poet, dramatist, composer, and painter.
Count Franz Graf von Pocci was born in Munich.
Khandoli Dam (   ) is a dam in the state of Jharkhand, India.
Khandoli Dam is an earthfill dam on Khandoli river near Giridih, Jharkhand, India.
Aghjeh ( Persian : ghjeh ) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 284, in 61 families.
Aghjeh ( Persian :, also Romanized as ghjeh ; also known as ghjeh-ye P ’ n and qjeh-ye P ’ n ) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
The Jerusalem Lions ( Hebrew :, ) were an Israeli professional basketball team based in Jerusalem, which played in the Israeli Basketball League ( IBL ).
The Jerusalem Kings ( Hebrew : ) are an Israeli professional basketball team based in Jerusalem.
Mount Keltie ( ) is a mountain in the Conway Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Mount Keltie ( ) is a mountain, 2,050 metres ( 8,600 ft ) high, standing 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) west-northwest of Mount O'Brien in the northern part of the Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team is the men's basketball team that represents Mississippi Valley State University in Itta Bena, Mississippi. The team is a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference and plays its home games at the Harrison HPER Complex.
The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team is the men's basketball team that represents Mississippi Valley State University in Starkville, Mississippi, United States. The team is a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I.
Roberto Car ( born 3 January 1947 ) is an Italian physicist.
Roberto Car was born in Trieste, Italy.
Nicolaus Mulerius ( died 1630 ), also known as, is a 16th-century chronicle of the life of Ubbo Emmius.
Nicolaus Mulerius was born in Bruges.
The Old Pike Inn is a historic inn and tavern in New Albany, Indiana, United States.
Old Pike Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Pike Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1840, and is a two-story, five bay, brick building with a gable roof.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Canadian cricketer.
Born in Guyana, Dhaniram emigrated to Canada with his family at the age of five.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic home located in Jerusalem, Yates County, New York.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic house located at 215 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1870, and is a well-preserved example of a vernacular Greek Revival house.
Eide Church ( Norwegian : ) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Eide Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway.
Eide Church ( Norwegian : ) is a parish church in Hustadvika Municipality in Mre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Gotkin played basketball at Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn, New York.
Gotkin was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of a Jewish immigrant family. He began his career as a professional wrestler in the 1920s. He retired from wrestling in 1944.
Hyman  Hy '' Gotkin ( August 16, 1922 – April 11, 2004 ) was an American professional basketball player.
Hy Gotkin was born in Brooklyn, New York.
Qareh Bater ( also known as Qareh Bţer ) is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 33 families.
Qareh Bater ( Persian :, also Romanized as Qareh Bţer ; also known as Qareh Bţr ) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 25 families.
The Deutsche Schiffs- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft ( DSMA ), also known as Deschimag, was a German shipbuilding company founded in 1926. It was a subsidiary of AG Weser.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau AG ( DSM ) is a German shipbuilding and marine engineering company based in Bremen, Germany.
Naathan Phan ( born August 20, 1988 ) is a Vietnamese-American actor, comedian, magician, singer, and internet personality.
Naathan Phan ( Vietnamese :   ) ( born October 28, 1988 ) is a Vietnamese-American actor.
Veliki Kozjak, also known as Kozjak, is a mountain cliff in Dalmatian Zagora, Croatia.
Veliki Kozjak is a mountain in Croatia.
Jean Courtecuisse ( 1350 – 4 March 1423 ) was a French theologian and bishop.
Jean Courtecuisse died in Geneva.
The Mahindra Thar is an off-road Jeep CJ SUV that was developed by the Indian automaker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd.
The Mahindra Thar is an SUV produced by the Indian automaker Mahindra & Mahindra.
Humberto Martins Duarte ( born 14 April 1961 ) is a Brazilian actor.
Humberto Martins Duarte ( born September 10, 1961 ) is a Brazilian actor.
Tatjana Wood was born Tatjana Weintraub in Darmstadt, Germany.
Tatjana Weintraub was born in Darmstadt, Germany.
SnOasis is a ski centre in Great Blakenham, Hampshire, England.
Great Blakenham is a village in Suffolk, England.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
The 11th Street Bridge is a truss bridge that spans the Arkansas River in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The 11th Street Bridge is a historic Pratt through truss bridge spanning the Mississippi River in St. Louis, Missouri. The bridge was built in 1915 by the St. Louis Bridge Company.
The school was founded in 1488 by the Franciscan Order.
The Gymnasium Petrinum Dorsten ( German : ) is a German high school in Dorsten, North Rhine-Westphalia. It was founded in 1642.
Roger Mathey is an American playwright, actor, producer, filmmaker, and theatrical director.
Roger Mathey is an American businessman and philanthropist based in Los Angeles, California.
Amtrak's first train, the CSX-Rail, ran from New York City to Los Angeles on December 1, 1994.
Camarillo station is an Amtrak train station in Camarillo, California.
Ada Annie Rae-Arthur ( June 19, 1888 – April 28, 1985 ), also known as Cougar Annie and Ada Annie Lawson, was a pioneer in the Canadian fur trade.
Cougar Annie died of a heart attack in 1985.
Richard John Spare ( born 1951 ) is a British artist.
Richard John Spare is a British businessman and philanthropist.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Bonthorpe is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
The building was designed by DMJM and was completed in 1973.
Portland Plaza was designed by DMJM.
In 1959, he was appointed Australia's Ambassador to France.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
He served as President of the Council from June 1956 to June 1957.
He served as a member of the House of Commons of Canada from June 1956 to June 1957.
Sir Edward Ronald Walker, ( 26 January 1907 – 28 November 1988 ) was an Australian diplomat and economist.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Cobar, New South Wales, Australia, in 1907.
Martha Mailey ( née Bouly de Lesdain ) ( 1870–1975 ) was an American explorer.
Jacques Bouly de Lesdain was born in Dunkirk, France, in 1880.
Rocchetta Belbo ( ; Piedmontese : ) is a municipality in the Province of Cuneo, Piedmont, northern Italy.
Rocchetta Belbo is a ( municipality ) in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Turin.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila in 1647.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila, Philippines.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Spartans played their home games at Levi's Stadium in San Jose, California.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by fourth-year head coach Ron Caragher and played their home games at Spartan Stadium in San Jose, California. They were members of the West Division of the Mountain West Conference.
They were members of the Mountain West Conference in the West Division.
The headquarters of ELSTAT are located in Piraeus, Greece.
The Hellenic Statistical Authority ( Greek : ) is the national statistical authority of Greece.
Edward Hospital Services Corporation, formerly Edward Hospital & Health Services, is a major healthcare provide based in Naperville, Illinois.
Edward Hospital is a hospital in Edward, Illinois, United States.
Microsoft released Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 on November 27, 2012.
Windows MultiPoint Server ( WMPS ) is a point-to-point ( P2P ) server product developed by Microsoft.
He was born in Nantwich and died in Leicester.
He was born at Nantwich, Cheshire and died at Leicester, Leicestershire.
Alpha Leporis is a lower luminosity supergiant star with a luminosity class of F0 Ib.
Alpha Leporis is an F-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of F0 Ib.
( born November 4, 1971 ) is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and producer.
Gregory Porter ( ; born August 5, 1962 ) is an American jazz singer, songwriter, and actor.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk ( Ukrainian : ) is a futsal club from Donetsk, Ukraine.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk ( Ukrainian : ) is a professional football club based in Donetsk, Ukraine.
In 2005, she won the Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist, composer, arranger, and educator. She is the founder and artistic director of the Lynette Washington Foundation, a non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization dedicated to the advancement of jazz education.
Leiren or Leira is a village in Grane municipality in Nordland county, Norway.
Leiren or Leira is a former municipality in Nordland county, Norway.
She was the first ever Philippine candidate to the Miss Earth pageant to become a finalist. She was crowned as one of the Top 8 Finalists in the grand coronation night on October 24, 2004.
Tamera Szijarto was born in Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto is a Hungarian - Filipino beauty queen and entrepreneur.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto is a Filipino model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Philippines Earth 2004 and represented the Philippines in the Miss Earth 2004 pageant.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station ( Welsh : ) is an RNLI operated lifeboat station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station ( based in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales ) is the base for Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) search and rescue operations at Pwllheli.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Pensacola, Florida, United States.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Jacksonville, Florida.
Motion Blur Game Studio ( Turkish : ) is a video game developer based in Ataşehir, Istanbul, Turkey.
Motion Blur was founded in 2004 in Ataşehir, Turkey.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg ( 1454 – 9 September 1503 ) was a Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg, Count of Neuchâtel and Lord of Badenweiler.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg ( 1454 – 9 September 1503 ) was a Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Count of Neuchâtel.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel.
As of 2001 India census, Chobepur had a population of 2000.
Naramau is a suburb of Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Charles Sellier ( November 9, 1943 – January 31, 2011 ) was an American screenwriter, director, television producer, novelist, and novelist.
Charles Sellier ( July 10, 1943 – January 18, 2011 ) was an American film and television actor.
Ruan Yang ( Chinese :  ; born 13 December 1993 ) is a Chinese footballer.
Ruan Yang ( simplified Chinese : ; traditional Chinese : ; pinyin : ; born August 19, 1989 in Hangzhou ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
Zaven Andriasian ( Armenian : ; born March 11, 1989 ), also known as Andriasyan, is an Armenian chess player.
Zaven Andriasian was born in Yerevan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union.
The Fukagawa Route, also known as Route 9, is a toll-free expressway route in Tokyo, Japan. It is part of the Shuto Expressway system, and runs from the Tokyo ward of Ch to the ward of Kt.
The Fukagawa Route is a road in Japan, connecting the cities of Fukagawa and Kt.
Javanfekr ( Persian : ; born 27 February 2012 ) is an Iranian journalist. He is the President of Iran Press and Cultural Institute.
Ali Akbar Javanfekr ( Persian :, born in Tehran, Iran ) is an Iranian journalist.
is a fungal genus in the order Sporidiobolales.
is a genus of fungi in the order Sporidiobolales. Species in this genus infect marine invertebrates.
In 1913 he joined the Dublin Naturalists'Field Club, where he collected specimens of lichen.
Eileen Barnes was born in Dublin, Ireland.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank ( simplified Chinese : ; traditional Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is a commercial bank based in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank ( simplified Chinese : ; traditional Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is a bank in Shenzhen, China.
Babacar Ba ( June 14, 1930 – December 13, 2006 ) was a Senegalese politician.
Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack.
O-7, also known as Northern Marmara Motorway ( Turkish : ) or Motorway 7 ( Turkish : ), is a toll motorway in Istanbul, Turkey.
It connects Istanbul to Akyaz.
Sulichay ( Persian :, also Romanized as Slchy ) is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 107, in 23 families.
Sulichay ( Persian :, also Romanized as Slchy ; also known as Slch ) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 107, in 18 families.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station serving the Bridgeton area of Glasgow, Scotland.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station serving the Bridgeton area of Glasgow, Scotland.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station serving the Bridgeton area of Glasgow, Scotland.
Bridgeton Cross Station was opened by the Glasgow Central Railway in 1895.
Bugaj Zakrzewski ( German : ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Kodrb, within Radomsko County, ód Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Bugaj Zakrzewski ( German : ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Zakrzew County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Shahbag was once the biggest hotel in Dhaka.
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University ( BSMMU ) ( Bengali : ) is a public medical university located in Shahbag, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Saraukhola is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western Nepal.
Saraukhola is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2457 people living in 495 individual households.
Davit Harutyunyan ( Armenian : ; born March 5, 1963 ) is an Armenian politician.
Davit Harutyunyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia.
Ciudad Nueva is a district ( ) of the Distrito Nacional in the Dominican Republic.
Ciudad Nueva is a Sector in the city of Santo Domingo in the Distrito Nacional of the Dominican Republic.
39 % of the students at the University of Tulsa are residents of Oklahoma.
The University of Tulsa ( U of T ) is a public research university in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States.
He was born in Khammam, Andhra Pradesh.
Srinivasa Reddy was born in Khammam, Telangana.
The Sheepdogs toured in Australia, Canada, the UK, and Eastern and Western Europe.
The Sheepdogs are a Canadian indie rock band based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Cosmic Pad Studios is a recording studio located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
The Sheepdogs are a Canadian indie rock band from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, formed in 2006.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party.
Hanumanthappa was born in Chitradurga, Karnataka.
He was a pupil of Charles-Simon Catel ( harmony ), François-Joseph Gossec ( counterpoint ), and Benoit Mozin ( piano ).
Victor Dourlen died in Paris.
Your Mirror  is a song written by Mick Hucknall and recorded by British soul and pop band Simply Red.
Your Mirror  is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Paul McCartney. It was released in July 1992 as the second single from his album.
The Benguet State University ( BSU ) is a state university in La Trinidad, Benguet, Philippines.
The Benguet State University ( BSU ) is a public university in the Philippines.
The Battle of Villarrobledo took place on September 20, 1836, during the First Carlist War.
The Battle of Villarrobledo ( Spanish : ) was a battle of the Spanish Civil War. It was fought at Villarrobledo, in the province of Santander.
Sir Francis Theodore Page Burt, ( 14 June 1918 – 8 September 2004 ) was an Australian jurist and politician.
Sir Francis Theodore Page Burt, ( 24 December 1895 – 19 December 1977 ) was an Australian judge, who served as the 11th Governor of Western Australia from 1973 to 1977.
Thor Magnus Breien ( 9 February 1899 – 21 January 1971 ) was a Norwegian judge.
Thor Breien ( born 1899 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire on 9 April 1984.
Woollatt was born in Claygate, Surrey, and died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College ( S6C ) is a free school sixth form college in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Salisbury Sixth Form College is a sixth form college in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Joan Carson ( born 29 January 1935 ) is a former Unionist politician from Northern Ireland.
Joan Carson was born in Enniskillen, Northern Ireland.
The Liverbirds were an all-female rock band from Liverpool, England, formed in 1963.
The Liverbirds were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1963.
Ma Qi died in Xining on 5 August 1931.
Ma Qi died in Xining, Qinghai.
The weatherboard signal box was built in 1887 by the New South Wales Government Railways ( NSW RailCorp ).
Albion Park railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
The temple is managed by the Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust, a non-profit organization. The temple is located in Kottayam, Kerala, India.
Palkulangara Devi Temple is a Hindu temple located in Palkulangara, Thrissur District, Kerala, India.
He was the incumbent Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Jasper—Edson electoral district.
Born in Jasper, Alberta, he was a teacher by career.
Gariffa is a village on the banks of the Hooghly River in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
Ramkamal Sen was born in Gariffa, West Bengal.
Augustusburg is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.
Augustusburg is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is an all-through school in Attercliffe, Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Abraham Vanderveer ( 1781 – July 21, 1839 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Abraham Vanderveer ( October 12, 1817 – October 3, 1891 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
He was born in Inzell, Bavaria.
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser was born in Inzell.
SC 322 begins at an intersection with SC 49 ( Lockhart Road ) in Pinckneyville, York County.
South Carolina Highway 322 ( SC 322 ) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
South Carolina Highway 322 ( SC 322 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
South Carolina Highway 322 ( SC 322 ) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
The Duke Robillard Band is an American country music group, formed in 1981.
Robillard's first album,, was released in 1967. Robillard's second album,, was released in 1990.
Clovis West High School is a public high school in Clovis, California, United States.
Clovis West High School is a public high school in Clovis, California, United States.
Kaj Skagen ( born October 23, 1949 ) is a Norwegian writer.
Kaj Skagen ( born 14 January 1985 in Strandebarm ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in Lower Austria, Austria.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in Lower Austria, Austria.
It is based in Namchi, Sikkim.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh ( SJS ) is a political party in Sikkim, India.
The 33rd staging of African's premier club volleyball competition was held in Sousse, Tunisia from 20–29 March 2014.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was the tenth edition of the African Clubs Champions Championship. It was held in Sousse, Tunisia.
The Fletcher Peninsula ( ) is a broad ice-covered peninsula, 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) long, forming the eastern end of the Bellingshausen Sea, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.
Fletcher Peninsula ( ) is an ice-covered peninsula, 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) long and 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) wide, forming the south side of the entrance to the Cook Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Isuzu Philippines Corporation ( IPC ) is a manufacturing company headquartered in Bian, Laguna, Philippines.
Isuzu Philippines, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Japanese automobile manufacturer, Isuzu, headquartered in Bian, Metro Manila, Philippines.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar ( Persian :, also Romanized as Chh-e Amq eşr ) is a village in Mahvelat Rural District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar ( Persian :, also Romanized as Chh-e Amq eşr ) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys ( Persian :, also Romanized as Rebd-e Re Veys ) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 180, in 39 families.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys ( Persian :, also Romanized as Rebd-e Re Veys ; also known as Rebd ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 180, in 45 families.
Sibille Attar ( Arabic : ; born 27 November 1981 ) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, and producer.
Sibille Attar was born in rebro, Sweden.
AMA University is the first ICT university in the Philippines and in Asia.
AMA Computer University is a private university in the Philippines.
Sir James Robson Douglas, ( January 21, 1876 – January 21, 1934 ) was a Canadian businessman and politician. He served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia from January 21, 1925 until his death in 1934.
He was the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
Sanski Most ( Serbian Cyrillic : ) is a town and municipality in Una-Sana Canton, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sanski Most ( Serbian Cyrillic : ) is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradite, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
is a multi-format weekly computer and video game magazine, published in the United Kingdom by Europress.
is a British video game magazine published by Europress in the United Kingdom.
Starhotels is a privately owned hotel chain based in Italy, with hotels in Paris, London, New York City, and Florence.
Starhotels is an Italian hotel chain based in Florence, Italy.
The series was directed by Sran Karanovi, рлом у аоде and Rajko Grli.
The series is written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi.
Carl Atwood Wiley ( December 30, 1918 – April 21, 1985 ) was an American mathematician and engineer.
Carl Aloysius Wiley ( August 28, 1918 – March 25, 1985 ) was an American businessman and philanthropist.
The municipality covers an area of 30.65 square kilometres ( 9.04 sq mi ), and has a population of 1426 ( as at 3 July 2006 ).
It covers an area of 30.65 square kilometres and has a population of 1426.
Bulla Regia ( Arabic : ) is a town and commune in the Jendouba Governorate, Tunisia.
Bulla Regia ( Arabic : ) is a town and commune in the Nabeul Governorate, Tunisia.
It connects La 1 in Livonia to La 78 in Parlange.
Louisiana Highway 78 ( LA 78 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It serves as a north–south route between Livonia and Parlange.
is a beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae, subfamily Cetoniinae.
is a species of beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae, subfamily Cetoniinae.
The first Miss Model of the World pageant was held in Istanbul, Turkey in 1988.
The Miss Model of the World pageant is held annually in Istanbul, Turkey.
Loango National Park ( French : ) is a national park in Gabon.
Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon.
The Nemo link ( French : ) is a 9000 km ( 6000 mi ) long submarine cable in Belgium.
The Nemo link ( French : ) is a proposed submarine cable between France and Belgium.
Blackpool Transport Services Ltd. ( BTS ) is a bus and tram operator in Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
Blackpool Transport is a public transport company based in Blackpool, Lancashire, England. It is a subsidiary of Blackpool Borough Council.
Rudbari Konar ( Persian :, also Romanized as Rdbr Konr ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 234, in 61 families.
Rudbari Konar ( Persian :, also Romanized as Rdbr Konr ; also known as Rdbr and Rdbr-ye P ’ n ) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Romeo Island ( ) is a rocky island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Romeo Island ( Bulgarian :,, ) is the ice-covered island lying 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) east-southeast of the northern end of Sulzberger Ice Shelf in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Mount Solomons is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada, in the U.S. state of California.
Mount Solomons is a mountain located in the Mojave Desert, in the U.S. state of California.
Rock Region Metro, also known as Rock Region METRO, is a public transit agency serving the Rock Region of Arkansas.
The Rock Region Metro is a rapid transit system serving the Rock Region in the U.S. state of Colorado. The system is operated by the Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority ( RRMT ).
William Aberhart High School ( WAHS ) is a public high school located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
William Aberhart High School is a public high school located at 3009 Morley Trail NW, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
Alto Pelado is a village and municipality in San Luis Province, Argentina.
Alto Pelado is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
Carla Maria Victoria Angelina Teresa Apollonia Lozupone Tortelli LeBec is an American actress.
Carla Tortelli is a fictional character on the American sitcom.
Tommy Hill ( born 9 February 1985 in Beckenham, Kent ) is a British motorcycle road racer.
Tommy Hill was born in Maidstone, Kent, England.
The facade of an apartment building, also known as Swanston Square, is an apartment building in Melbourne, Australia.
Barak was born in Australia, and emigrated to Coranderrk, County Cork, Ireland, when he was a child.
The municipality covers an area of 14.93 square kilometres ( 5.88 sq mi ), and has a population of 69 ( as at 28 August 2006 ).
The municipality covers an area of 14.93 square kilometres ( 5.43 sq mi ), and has a population of 69 ( as at 28 August 2006 ).
Zhovkva Raion ( Ukrainian : ) is a raion ( district ) in Lviv Oblast of Ukraine.
Zhovkva Raion ( Ukrainian : ) is a raion ( district ) of Zhytomyr Oblast, northern Ukraine.
William Friese-Greene ( 7 September 1855 – 5 May 1921 ) was an English inventor and professional photographer.
Friese-Greene was born in Bristol in 1855.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson ( born November 26, 1971 ), known professionally as Matty Rich, is an American actor, screenwriter, film director, and video game executive.
Matty Rich ( born Matthew Statisfield Richardson ; July 21, 1971 ) is an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer.
Flores died at his home in Malojloj, Guam, on February 6, 2009.
Flores was born in 1916 in Inarajan, Guam.
Black Widow Records is an Italian progressive rock record label based in Genoa, Italy.
Black Widow Records is an independent record label based in Genoa, Italy.
The Frank Oppenheimer Fellowship Fund ( FOFF ) is a non-profit organization that supports the Exploratorium, the National Museum of Natural History, and the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C., United States.
Frank Friedman Oppenheimer ( born February 19, 1939 ) is an American historian. He is best known for his work on McCarthyism in the United States.
The Isaac Hardenbergh House, also known as The Hardenbergh Manor, is a historic home in Roxbury, New York, United States.
Isaac Hardenbergh House is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware. It was built about 1790 and is a two-story, five bay, frame dwelling with a gable roof.
It was released on 13 July 2014 by Parlophone.
URL Badman '' was released as a single by Parlophone in the United Kingdom, and was re-released as a double A-side single in the United States, and as a double A-side single in the United States.
The Special Presidential Division ( DSP ), also known as the French Division Spéciale Présidentielle ( DSP ), is an elite military force of the Zairian Armed Forces.
The Special Presidential Division ( SPD ) was a military force of the Sri Lankan Armed Forces from 1985 to 1997.
John Augustus Roebling ( June 12, 1806 – July 22, 1869 ) was a German-born American civil engineer.
John A. Roebling ( born Johann August Röbling ; February 1, 1806 – March 1, 1869 ) was a German-American businessman and philanthropist.
is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
Theloderma licin, also known as the Smooth Frog, is a species of frog endemic to Peninsular Malaysia and southern Thailand.
is a species of frog in the genus Theloderma.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro ( 16 June 1862 – 28 October 1930 ) was a Peruvian politician.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro ( Ferreafe, Buenos Aires, 1939 ) is an Argentine politician.
The Hefei Metro ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is a rapid transit system serving the city of Hefei in Hebei Province, China.
The Hefei Metro ( simplified Chinese : ; traditional Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is a rapid transit system serving the city of Hefei, Jiangsu Province, China.
Anton Lindfors ( born 22 April 1991 ) is a Finnish snowboarder.
Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland.
Makhtumkuli Avenue ( Turkmen : ), also known as Magtymguly Avenue ( Turkmen : ), is an avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Makhtumkuli Avenue ( Turkmen : ) is a street in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers ( Norwegian :, abbreviated NJFF ) is the national hunting and fishing association in Norway.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers ( Norwegian :, abbreviated NJFF ) is a Norwegian hunting and fishing association.
Lindi Region is an administrative region of Tanzania.
Lindi Region is a region of Tanzania.
The first of these displays was held at RAF Coleby Grange, Lincolnshire, in September 1946.
Royal Air Force Coleby Grange or more simply RAF Coleby Grange is a former Royal Air Force station in Lincolnshire, England.
Samuel Ayscough was born in Nottingham in 1745.
Samuel Ayscough ( 1745 – 1804 ) was a British physician.
Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjani ( Persian :, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjn ) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman Province, in Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani ( Persian :, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjn ) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a lightweight, all-composite, highly efficient four-seat aircraft.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a Czech ultralight aircraft, designed and produced by Pipistrel.
James Ferguson Dowdell ( November 26, 1818 – September 6, 1871 ) was a U.S. Representative from Alabama.
James Ferguson Dowdell ( February 22, 1826 – September 22, 1891 ) was a U.S. Representative from Alabama.
Lieven was born in London in 1960.
Anatol Lieven was born in London, England.
Mathias Fink ( born 1945 ) is a French physicist and professor at ESPCI Paris.
Mathias Fink was born in Grenoble, France.
Margaret Cynthia Field ( 4 November 1917 – 2 January 1992 ), known professionally as Virginia Field, was a British film actress.
Field was born Margaret Cynthia Field in London, England.
Jozef Tomko ( born 11 March 1924 in Udavské, now Humenné, Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech ice dancer.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavské, Czechoslovakia.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi ( Persian :, also Romanized as Hvr Kand Qeshlq ) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, Qeshlaq-e Shomali District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 15 families.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi ( Persian :, also Romanized as avr Kand Qeshlq ; also known as avr Kand ) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 14 families.
Jacques Vivier ( born 9 October 1930 ) is a French former road bicycle racer.
Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel.
Eric Kupper ( ; born August 24, 1970 ) is an American DJ, record producer, songwriter, arranger, and keyboardist.
Eric Kupper is a German DJ and record producer.
Norman Mason is a British horse owner.
Red Marauder was a bay horse with a white star bred by Norman Mason.
Zak Orth ( born October 15, 1970 ) is an American actor.
Adam Zachary Orth ( born October 10, 1970 ) is an American actor.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Aventura, Florida, United States.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Aventura, Florida, United States.
Youcca Troubetzkoy ( Russian :, ри иколаеви руеко ; 12 December 1905 – 22 April 1992 ) was a Russian-born French-American actor.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, also known as Youcca Troubetzkov, Nicolas Barclay, or Youcca Troubetzkoy, was an American film and television actor.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain located on the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Mount Ikoma is a mountain located in the city of Ikoma, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
Shields won the 1998 Orange Prize for Fiction, the 2002 Giller Prize, and the 2003 Governor General of Canada Literary Award.
In 1972, Shields published her first novel,  Unless ''.
Ibaraki Station is a railway station in Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Ibaraki Station is a railway station on the JR Kyoto Line in Kyoto, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ).
The Glen Park Formation is a geologic formation in Illinois. It preserves fossils dating back to the Carboniferous period.
The Glen Park Formation is a geologic formation in Illinois. It preserves fossils dating back to the Carboniferous period.
Hopkins Cottage is a cure cottage located in Harrietstown, Franklin County, New York.
Hopkins Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in Saranac Lake, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. It was built in 1923 and is a two-story,  L '' -shaped, frame dwelling with a gable roof.
Jane Elizabeth Randall ( born August 28, 1990 ) is an American fashion model.
Jane Elizabeth Randall was born in Baltimore, Maryland.
Arzo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Arzo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Labios Compartidos  ( English : Shared Lips ) is a song by Spanish singer-songwriter Maná, released as the lead single from his seventh studio album, ( 2006 ).
Labios Compartidos  ( English : ) is a song by Spanish rock band Maná.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips ( 1884 – 10 July 1969 ) was a Nigerian organist, composer, conductor, teacher, and administrator.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips ( 1884–1969 ) was a Nigerian businessman and philanthropist.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team represented the University of California, Los Angeles during the 1955 college football season.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was an American football team that represented the University of California, Los Angeles during the 1955 college football season. In their fifth year under head coach Frank Solich, the Bruins compiled a 3–7 record ( 1–5 conference ) and finished in fifth place in the Pacific Coast Conference.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena ( Sinhala : ; born 3 September 1951 ) is a Sri Lankan politician who served as the seventh President of Sri Lanka from 9 January 2015 to 18 November 2019.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena ( Sinhala :
They have three children, Chathurika, Daham and Dharani.
They have four children : Daham, Dharani, Chathurika, and Dharani.
Jozini is a town in the Umkhanyakude District of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Jozini Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Umhlanga District of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Longcanoe Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.
Longcanoe Lake is a lake of Ontario, Canada.
Toledo 5 was a television station in Toledo, Ohio. It was owned by the Toledo Broadcasting Company and operated by the Toledo Broadcasting Group. WTVG, which was owned by the Toledo Broadcasting Group, was the station's parent station.
In September 2014, WTVG changed its name to Toledo 5.
The Arvind Ghosh Memorial Lecture is an annual academic lecture given by the Indian Institute of International Affairs ( IIIA ), New Delhi, on the subject of Islamism.
Arvind Ghosh is an Indian film and television actor.
Arheilgen is a district of Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany.
Darmstadt-Arheilgen is a borough of the city of Darmstadt, in Hesse, Germany.
Abdool Raouf Bundhun ( born 14 January 1937 ) is a Mauritius politician who was Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007.
Raouf Bundhun is a Mauritius politician who served as the Vice President of Mauritius from 2013 to 2017.
The United States House of Representatives is the upper house of the United States Congress, the bicameral legislature of the U.S. state of California.
The California State Senate is the upper house of the California State Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of California.
Andrew Michael Edgar Seeley ( born April 30, 1982 ) is a Canadian-American actor, singer, and dancer.
Seeley was born in Toronto, Ontario.
Henry FitzJames ( 6 August 1673 – 16 December 1702 ) was a Jacobite peerage holder.
Henry FitzJames was born in Middlesex, the son of William FitzJames, 1st Baron FitzJames, 2nd Baron FitzJames, 1st Baron FitzJames, 1st Baron FitzJames, 1st Baron FitzJames, 1st Duke of Albemarle.
TT Games Limited is a British video game developer and holding company. It is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment ( WBIE ) acquired TT Games in June 2013.
Michael Thorpe ( born March 12, 1944 ) is an English-American physicist.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American novelist and short story writer.
Rockstrata, Aurthohin, Kronic, Stentorian and Warfaze were among the first bands to play in the country.
Tanim Sufyani was born in Bangladesh.
The Battle of Carbisdale, also known as the Battle of Invercarron, was a Scottish clan battle fought on 27 April 1650 near the village of Culrain in Sutherland, Scotland.
The Battle of Carbisdale, also known as the Battle of Culrain, was a battle of the Scottish Rebellion.
ANT1 ( Greek : ), also known as Antenna ( Greek : ), is a subscription TV channel in Greece, owned by ANT1 Group.
ANT1 Satellite ( Greek :    ANT1 '' ) is a satellite television channel in Greece.
Salband ( also known as Slband, Qeshlq-e Dmn, and Slband ) is a village in Bazargan District, in Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Salband ( Persian :, also Romanized as Slband ; also known as Slband-e P ’ n ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 29 families.
The Scandinavian Masters is an annual golf tournament on the European Tour.
The Scandinavian Masters was a golf tournament on the European Tour, played in Sweden.
Sir Charles Abraham Elton, 6th Baronet, was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset, England.
He was born at Whitestaunton, Somerset.
Alessandro Nora ( born 24 May 1987 ) is an Italian water polo player.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian film director and screenwriter.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar ( Persian : ), also known as Tzeh Kand-e Afshr, is a village in Tzehkand-e Gardbd Rural District, Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 304, in 61 families.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar ( Persian :, also Romanized as Tzeh Kand-e Afshr ; also known as Tzeh Kand ) is a village in Afshar Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 304, in 68 families.
The Suho Memorial Paper Museum ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is a museum about paper in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The Suho Paper Memorial Museum ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is a museum in Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The province covers an area of 199,049 km2 and as of 2014 had a population of 534,002.
Cuando Cubango is a province of Angola. Its capital is Menongue.
The province is divided into nine municipalities : Calai, Cuchi, Cuito Cuanavale, Cuangar, Dirico, Mavinga, Nancova, Menongue and Rivungo.
Cuando Cubango Province ( Portuguese : ) is a province of Angola. Its capital is Cuangar. Other towns include Calai, Dirico, Menongue, Mavinga, Rivungo, and Cuchi.
Lij Kuh ( Persian :, also Romanized as Lj Kh, Lch Kh, Lj Kh, and Lj Kh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Lij Kuh ( Persian :, also Romanized as Lj Kh ; also known as Lj Kh-e Bl, Lj Kh-e Bl, Lj Kh-e Bl, and Lj Kh-e Bl ) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Jaime Bergman ( born September 23, 1975 ), known professionally as Jaime Boreanaz, is an American actress and model.
Jaime Boreanaz ( born 1975 ), better known by his stage name Jaime Bergman, is an American actor.
Eastern Michigan vs. Ball State vs. Northern Illinois vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs. Ball State vs.
The first two California Bowls were played in 1939, when UNLV played Cal State Fullerton. The first two bowl games were played in 1940, when Fresno State played Ball State. The first two bowl games were played in 1951, when San Jose State played Ball State.
Zhao Jiande ( Chinese :  ; died 111 BC ) was the last king of the Nanyue dynasty of China.
Zhao Jiande ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Wade–Giles : ) was a king of the Nanyue dynasty during the Three Kingdoms period of China.
Johann Puch ( 27 June 1862 – 19 July 1914 ) was a German mechanic and inventor.
Johann Puch was born in Sakuak, Austria-Hungary, in 1862.
The Battles of Bergisel were four battles fought between the forces of Emperor Napoleon I of France, the Kingdom of Bavaria, the Tyrolese militiamen, and the Austrian contingent of regular soldiers.
The Battles of Bergisel were a series of skirmishes fought in Bergisel, Innsbruck, Tyrol, between a Roman army and a Tyrolean army.
Oliver Fix ( born 21 June 1973 in Augsburg ) is a German slalom canoeist.
Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg, Germany.
Chekmagushevsky District ( Russian :, араириково ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ), one of the twenty-one in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Chekmagushevsky District ( Russian : ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ), one of the forty-three in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.
The Tinayguk River is a tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The Tinayguk River is a river in the U.S. state of Alaska.
Sir Henry Francis Pankhurst, 1st Baronet ( 1803 – 1873 ), was an English businessman, philanthropist, and a member of the Pankhurst family. He was born in Stoke, Staffordshire in 1803 and died in Manchester, England in 1873.
Pankhurst died in Manchester in 1898.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan that plays in the Kyrgyzstan League, the top division in Kyrgyzstan.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Uzgen that plays in the top division in Kyrgyzstan, the Kyrgyzstan League.
He is a member of the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya ( FRD-Kenya ), a political party in Kenya.
Paul Muite is a Kenyan politician. He is the current leader of Safina, a political party in Kenya.
He was born in Cardiff, Wales, and attended St. Peters School.
Turnbull was born in Cardiff, Wales.
David John Magley ( born November 24, 1959 ) is an American former professional basketball player and coach.
David John Magley ( born September 20, 1969 ) is an American former professional basketball player.
In February 2009, Lundgren announced that he was leaving Queensrche to pursue a solo career.
After Queensrche disbanded, Lundgren rejoined Sledgeback.
Qabed ( Persian :, also known as Qobeyd ) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 13 families.
Qabed ( Persian :, also Romanized as Qbed ; also known as Qbd ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 13 families.
Cagthorpe is a suburb of Horncastle, Lincolnshire, England.
Cagthorpe is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph S. Chandler ( December 1, 1861 – September 18, 1862 ) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War.
The 75th Pennsylvania Infantry was organized at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and mustered in for a three-year enlistment on September 15, 1861, under the command of Colonel John W. Smith.
The Old Killingly High School is a historic school building at 185 Broad Street in Killingly, Connecticut.
Old Killingly High School is a historic high school building located at Killingly in Suffolk County, New York. It was built in 1908 and is a two-story, rectangular brick building in the Classical Revival style.
During the 2011-2012 Syrian Uprising, the Future Movement, an anti-Syrian group, launched a series of attacks against the Syrian government, including bombings, kidnappings, kidnappings, kidnappings, kidnappings, kidnappings, kidnappings, kidnappings, kidnappings, kidnappings, and kidnappings.
Eid was born in Tripoli, Lebanon.
Abbots Bromley School is a coeducational boarding and day independent school in Abbots Bromley, Staffordshire, England.
Abbots Bromley School is a co-educational independent school in Staffordshire, England.
Isaac Carasso ( 1874 – April 19, 1939 ) was a Sephardic Jewish merchant and philanthropist.
Isaac Carasso was born in Thessaloniki.
Kahriz-e Kalan ( Persian :, also Romanized as Kahrz-e Kaln ) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 21 families.
Kahriz-e Kalan ( Persian :, also Romanized as Kahrz-e Kaln ; also known as Kahrz ) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 23 families.
is a book published in Bogotá, Colombia by Villegas Editores, curated by Luis Cantillo.
Lina Dorado ( born 1975 in Bogotá ) is a Colombian actress.
Behtarabad ( Persian :, also Romanized as Behtarbd ) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, in the Rigan County of Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 157, in 33 families.
Behtarabad ( Persian :, also Romanized as Behtrbd ; also known as Behtrbd-e P ’ n and Behtrbd-e P ’ n ) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
He was born in So Paulo, Brazil, and died in Bologna, Italy.
He died in Bologna, Italy.
Dino Grandi ( 4 June 1895 – 21 May 1988 ) was an Italian politician.
Dino Grandi was born in Mordano, Italy.
is a racing video game for the PlayStation and PC.
is a racing video game for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows.
Solar Entertainment Corporation, also known as Solar or SEC, is a Filipino media company.
Solar Entertainment Corporation ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ) is a Chinese entertainment company owned by the Tieng family.
Kazumi Saeki is a Japanese novelist.
Kazumi Saeki is a Japanese voice actress from Sendai, Aichi Prefecture.
Robin Simon was born in Halifax, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Robin Simon is a British musician, best known for his work with the British rock band Ultravox.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona, Spain.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona, Spain.
Russell Sage ( April 4, 1816 – July 22, 1906 ) was an American financier, railroad executive, and Whig politician from New York.
Russell Sage ( September 14, 1795 – December 31, 1865 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Zimchung is a village in Mangan subdivision, North Sikkim district, Sikkim, India.
Zimchung is a village in Mangan subdivision, North Sikkim district, Sikkim, India.
Dawn Staley is an American women's basketball assistant coach and former player.
Dawn Staley ( born April 27, 1974 ) is an American former professional basketball player and coach.
The Abingdon Glebe House is a historic home in Gloucester, Virginia, United States.
Abingdon Glebe House is a historic home located at Abingdon, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1700, and is a two-story, five bay, brick dwelling with a gable roof.
He is buried in the Feriköy Protestant Cemetery, Istanbul.
Ernest Mamboury was born in Signy-Avenex, France.
Rahim Mirakhori ( Persian : ; born 30 April 1956 ) is an Iranian football Defender.
Rahim Mirakhori is an Iranian football Defender who played for Iran in the 1984 Asian Cup.
is a monospecific genus of fungi in the family Lepidostromataceae of the order Lepidostromatales.
is a genus of fungi in the family Lepidostromataceae of the order Lepidostromatales.
Nimek ( Persian : ), also known as Nmnek and Nmek, is a village in Kuhsaran District, Horjand Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 20 families.
Nimek ( Persian :, also Romanized as Nmek ; also known as Nmak ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 15 families.
Chew was consecrated as Bishop of Singapore by Pope Benedict XVI on 22 May 2016.
John Chew ( Chinese : ; pinyin : ; Peh-e-j : ) is the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Singapore.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese automotive engineer and racing driver.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese racing driver.
Han Groo was born in Namyangju, South Korea.
Min Han-groo ( born May 29, 1992 ), better known by her stage name Han Groo, is a South Korean singer and actress.
Makoshika State Park ( ma-KO-sh ( ih ) kuh ) is a state park in the U.S. state of Montana.
Makoshika State Park is a state park of Montana, USA.
Ust-Bartaga ( Russian : ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Burayevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia.
Ust-Bartaga ( Russian : ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Karaidelsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia.
Prism Leisure Corporation is a British publishing and distribution company based in Enfield, Middlesex, United Kingdom.
Prism Leisure Corporation was founded in 1980.
Yada Station opened on April 2, 1905.
Yada Station was opened on April 1, 1905 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways ( JGR ), serving the village of Yada, Akita.
Adam Roarke ( born Richard Jordan Gerler ; August 8, 1937 – April 27, 1996 ) was an American actor and film director.
Adam Roarke ( born Richard Jordan Gerler ; July 1, 1937 – May 1, 1996 ) was an American actor, comedian, and writer.
On November 13, 2008, the album was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ).
Get Silly  is a song recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire. It was released as the second single from her debut studio album, ( 2007 ). It was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ).
Jan Six van Chandelier ( 1620 – 1695 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Jan or Johan Six van Chandelier ( 1620 – 1695 ), also known as Joan or Joannes, was a Dutch Golden Age poet.
Lydiate railway station is on the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway off Carr Lane in Lydiate, Merseyside, England.
Lydiate railway station is a railway station serving the village of Lydiate in Cornwall, England.
