White Coppice is a hamlet in the district of Chorley, Lancashire, England.
White Coppice is in England.
Frances Follin Jones was an American classicist who worked as a curator at the Art Museum, Princeton University. She was born in 1912 and died in 1999. She started her career in 1943 and ended it in 1983.
Frances Follin Jones was born in 1912 and died in 1999.
Gavin Bishop was born in 1946 in Invercargill, New Zealand. He is an author and illustrator whose title is ONZM.
Gavin Bishop is a New Zealand national.
Dimasangcay Pundato was born on December 21st, 1947. Dimasangcay Pundato is a Filipino and is a Muslim. He was a Moro revolutionary leader and worked as an undersecretary at the Office of the Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process.
Dimasangcay Pundato was born in 1947 and is a Filipino national.
Kalam Rud is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran. It has a population of 197 and the alias Kalm Rd.
Kalam Rud is a village in Iran which has a population of 197. It is located on the pushpin map.
Yingyuehu Park Station (Chinese: ) is a metro station on the Line 2 of the Wuxi Metro. It opened in 2015.
Yingyuehu Park Station opened in 2015.
The Masters Champions League (abbreviated to MCL) is a Twenty20 cricket tournament that was held in the United Arab Emirates on 28 January 2016. The Gemini Arabians are the team that won the Masters Champions League.
The 2016 Masters Champions League has the Gemini Arabians and the Sagittarius Strikers (rd1team) as its teams. It is also known as the Masters Champions League.
Jacques Kallis is a South African all-rounder who plays for Libra Legends and Sagittarius Strikers. He is also a player and wicketkeeper-batsman for Australia.
The 2016 Masters Champions League teams are Libra Legends, Sagittarius Strikers and Leo Lions. The rd1 team is Sagittarius Strikers and the rd2 team is Leo Lions.
The 2016 Masters Champions League is contested by the Gemini Arabians and the Leo Lions.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was held in Sharjah and featured the Gemini Arabians, Libra Legends, Sagittarius Strikers, Leo Lions and rd2 team. The name of the tournament is the Masters Champions League.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a Twenty20 cricket tournament that took place between 28 January and 13 February 2016 in Sharjah and Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was held in Sharjah and Dubai. The teams that competed in the tournament were Libra Legends, Gemini Arabians, Sagittarius Strikers and Leo Lions. The rd1 team was Sagittarius Strikers and the rd2 team was Leo Lions.
Musashi-Yamato Station was opened in 1930 and has the alias ST06.
Musashi-Yamato Station opened in 1930.
Country Dick Montana was born on May 11th, 1955 in Carmel, California. He was a musician. His real name was Daniel Monte McLain. He was a former member of The Beat Farmers. He died on November 8th, 1995.
Daniel Monte McLain is Country Dick Montana, whose hometown is California. He started performing in 1983 and ended his career in the same year.
Anna Bagriana was born in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast in 1981. She graduated from the Language Institute of Shevchenko National University of Kyiv.
Anna Bagriana was born in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Itamar Rabinovich was born in 1942 and is the president of the Israel Institute (Washington and Jerusalem).
Itamar Rabinovich was born in Jerusalem and is a professor.
Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi was born in 1963 and died on 22 September 2014.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi died in Mosul.
Jan Matham was a Dutch painter who was born in Haarlem in 1600 and died in The Hague in 1648.
Jan Matham was born in Haarlem and died in The Hague.
The Refuge Capitán Cobbett is a refuge in Antarctica, located in Cierva Cove, Argentine.
Cierva Cove is a subdivision of Antarctica.
Hirafu Station is located in Kutchan, Hokkaido, Japan and is on the Hakodate Main Line.
Hirafu Station is on the Hakodate Main Line.
Bluenotes is a Canadian lifestyle clothing company founded in 1984. Thrifty's Inc. is a subsidiary of Bluenotes.
Bluenotes is located in Canada and was founded in 1984.
For the Fallen Dreams is a band that started in 2003 and has members: Aaron Long (vocals), Andrew Tkaczyk (drums), Chris Ash (bass) and Jim Hocking (lead guitar).
For the Fallen Dreams are from Michigan and started performing in 2003.
Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
John Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Ghazbaniyeh is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Iran. Its name is Raddeh-ye Ghabnyeh and it has a population of 59.
With a population of 59, Ghazbaniyeh is a village and a settlement in Iran.
Diyar-e-Dil is a type of show that can be found in Lahore, Skardo, Punjab and Gilgit-Baltistan.
The soundtrack to Diyar-e-Dil can be found in Skardo, Lahore and Gilgit-Baltistan.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was born in Bavaria on 7 August 1865 and served as a general in the Imperial German Army and the Reichswehr. He died on 28 December 1942.
Jakob Ritter von Danner died in Munich.
The Trondheim City Encyclopedia is an encyclopedia written by Terje Bratberg and published by Kunnskapsforlaget in Norway. It was founded in 1996.
The Trondheim Byleksikon is an encyclopedia published in Norway by Kunnskapsforlaget.
Italian painter Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Austria on March 10th, 1805 and died on October 27th, 1844. He worked in Florence, England.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Vienna and died in Florence.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is located in the counties of Jefferson and Park in the state of Colorado.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is located in Colorado.
Richard Peter Davis is an American guitarist and bandleader who was born December 30th, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Richard Peter Davis, born in Chicago, started his career in 1969 and ended it in 1969.
Shawn Matheson is a Canadian ice sledge hockey player who won medals at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, 1998 Winter Paralympics and 2006 Winter Paralympics. He was born May 6th, 1972 and his former team was Team Canada.
Shawn Matheson is a Canadian national.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held on March 4 and February 28 in Vienna, Austria.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria.
Louis Kurihara was born on 6 December 1994.
Louis Kurihara was born in 1994.
Alfred Shale is a Devonian period geologic formation located at Alfred Station, New York.
Alfred Shale was born in the Devonian period.
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja is an Ecuadorian footballer who was born in Quito on 13 August 1985. His full name is Gabriel Espinosa.
Gabriel Espinosa was born in Quito.
Samaritan Hospital, the Philadelphia Dental College and the Medical School are all part of Temple University.
Temple University is located in Philadelphia.
The CD single "Real Face" is by the band KAT-TUN.
The band KAT-TUN performs the song "Real Face".
Mtshabezi Mission is a ward in Gwanda District, Matabeleland South, Zimbabwe.
The Mtshabezi Mission is located in Zimbabwe.
The Gamits are an American band that started in 1996 and ended in 1996.
The Gamits started their career in 1996 and ended it in the same year.
Eliezer Kulas was born on 29 August 1944. He is an Israeli politician and member of the Likud party. He began his career in 1981 and ended it in 1988. He was a member of the Knesset.
Eliezer Kulas was born in Kyzylorda and is a member of the Likud party.
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt. He was a Kantor and worked at Perleberg and St Johannis (part of Lüneburg).
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born in Italy on November 15th, 1928 and died in Italy on August 1st, 2012. He was a titular bishop and auxiliary bishop in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-San Giovanni Rotondo. He worked at Castulo.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born and died in Italy.
Maxim Lemire was born in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel on 30 March 1981 and lives in Trois-Rivières.
Maxim Lemire was born in 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Quebec, Canada. He resides in Trois-Rivières.
Annalise Murphy, who was part of the Dublin St Patrick's Day Parade, won a silver medal at the Rio Olympics and was awarded the grand marshal award.
Annalise Murphy, who lives in Dublin, sails.
Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos is a Peruvian singer and Spanish national who was born in Lima, Peru on 16 January 1938. Her birth name is Betty Missiego and she lives in Spain.
Betty Missiego was born in Lima.
Tianjin Airlines is a Chinese airline with the name Tinjn Hángkng and Grand China Express Air. Its headquarters are in the Tianjin Binhai International Airport passenger terminal building in Dongli District, Tianjin.
The headquarters of Tianjin Airlines are located in Tianjin.
Grand China Air is now known as Tianjin Airlines which was founded in 2009 and has its headquarters in China.
Tianjin Airlines is headquartered in Tianjin, China.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese swimmer who was born on 20 March 1997.
Jamila Sanmoogan is Guyanese.
James Alan Polster was an American explorer, novelist, screenwriter and journalist. He was born on September 14th, 1947 and died on December 15th, 2012.
American James Alan Polster was born in Cleveland in 1947 and died in 2012.
St John, who play for Liverpool, and Bremner, who played for Leeds, both scored in the 1965 FA Cup Final.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was held in London, England and featured Liverpool, Leeds United and St John. Bremner and St John scored the goals in the final.
The Sri Lanka Police Academy is a police college in Dehiwala.
The Sri Lanka Police Academy is located in the city of Dehiwala.
The author of Girls of Riyadh is Rajaa al-Sanea. He is a Saudi national who was born in 1981.
Rajaa al-Sanea was born in 1981 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. He is a dentist and lives in Riyadh.
Alessandro dal Borro was born in Arezzo and was a nobleman and a captain.
Alessandro dal Borro was born in Arezzo and died in Corfu.
The Battle of Aydn was part of the Greco-Turkish War (1919-1922) and took place between 4 July 1919 and 27 June 1919 in Aydn, western Turkey. The name of the battle is The defence of Aydn.
Yörük Ali Efe was a commander in the Battle of Aydn, which took place in Aydn.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match between Boca Juniors (defending champions) and Bayern Munich (winners of the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League). It was played on 27 November 2001.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was held in Tokyo, Japan and was won by Boca Juniors and Bayern Munich.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya (also known as Cham Tagaleh) is a village in Honam Rural District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
The village of Cham Takleh-ye Olya is located in Iran and has a population of 169. Cham Takleh-ye Olya is a pushpin map in Iran.
Stock Aitken Waterman, who goes by the name SAW, performs in the genres of Eurobeat and Hi-NRG.
Stock Aitken Waterman, who goes by the name SAW, performs in the genres of Eurobeat and Hi-NRG. He is associated with the band Sinitta.
Stock Aitken Waterman is an exponent of Motown, Italo-disco, Hi-NRG and Eurobeat.
Stock Aitken Waterman is an artist for the bands Bananarama and Sinitta. His musical genre is Eurobeat and his musical genre is Hi-NRG.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. It has 60 inhabitants.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi is a village in Iran with 60 inhabitants.
Johnny Grunge's birth name is Michael Lynn Durham.
Michael Lynn Durham was an American professional wrestler who was born July 10th, 1966 and died February 16th, 2006. He is the birth name of Johnny Grunge.
Construction of the expansion Sultan Ismail Petra Airport in Kelantan, Malaysia, began in July 2015. The airport is owned and operated by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad (MAHB).
Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is located in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are an ice hockey team based in the city of Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Trois-Rivières Lions are located in the city of Trois-Rivières in the province of Quebec.
The Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is a university in Fez, Morocco. It was founded in 1975.
The Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is located in Morocco.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is affiliated with Ronald McDonald House, Give Kids the World, Florida Association of Children's Hospitals, National Association of Children's Hospitals and Children's Miracle Network. It is also affiliated with Camp Boggy Creek and Related Institutions.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is located in the state of Florida.
Millennium House is a Grade II listed building in Stockport.
Millennium House is located in Stockport.
Andrejs Grants is a photographer from Latvia.
Andrejs Grants is Latvian and was born in Riga.
Maurizio Ragano was a Roman Catholic prelate who held the title of Bishop of Fondi. He began his career in 1636 and died in 1640.
Bishop of Fondi is the title of Maurizio Ragano.
It Ain't My Fault 2 is a CD single by Mystikal and Silkk the Shocker.
Silkk the Shocker, alias Silkk, is an artist for the bands Mystikal and C-Murder.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was a football match played on 21 July 2013 between Anderlecht and Genk. Anderlecht won the 2012–13 Belgian Pro League. Genk won the 2012–13 Belgian Cup.
2013 Belgian Super Cup was held in Anderlecht.
Hamsij is a village in Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran. The name of the village is Hamsch and it has 57 inhabitants.
Hamsij is a village in Iran with a population of 57 and a pushpin map.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake located in Camas County, Soldier Mountains, Sawtooth National Forest, Idaho, United States.
Upper Deadwood Lake is located in Idaho.
English film director Hugh Hudson was born 25 August 1936.
Hugh Hudson was born in London, UK in 1936. His nationality is English.
James Ratliff is an American politician who is a member of the Democratic Party. He was elected to the Arkansas House of Representatives in January 2011 and served until January 14th 2013. His district is 60 and his district is 73.
James Ratliff's term started in January 2011 and his district is 73.
Siim-Sander Vene is an Estonian professional basketball player who was born on 12 November 1990. He plays for Varese which is part of the LBA.
Siim-Sander Vene is an Estonian national.
Velike Brusnice is located in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in Slovenia and is a pushpin map.
Velike Brusnice is a pushpin map in Slovenia.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team was a member of the Conference USA and played their home games at the Louisiana Superdome.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team was a member of the Conference USA and played their home games at the Louisiana Superdome.
Pir Ahmadlu is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. The name of the village is Pr Amadl and it has a population of 95.
With a population of 95, Pir Ahmadlu is a village and a settlement in Iran.
Italian fantasy writer Francesco Falconi was born in Grosseto on June 26th 1976.
Italysco Falconi was born in Grosseto and speaks Italian.
The Greater New York Councils are councils owned by the Boy Scouts of America.
Ten Mile River Scout Camps are the names given to the Greater New York Councils which are councils in the United States.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is an Indian film director, lyricist and scriptwriter who started his career in 1967. He works in the Malayalam movies field.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is an Indian national.
Louis-Joseph Moll was born in Quebec on August 24th, 1816. He was a physician and political figure. He died on August 5th, 1872.
Louis-Joseph Moll died in Quebec.
Wilmot Mansion is a Greek Revival style historic home located in Bethany, Wayne County, Pennsylvania. It was constructed in 1827.
Wilmot Mansion was built in 1827.
The Yorkshire Heart Vineyard and Brewery in Nun Monkton was founded in 2000 and won the gold medal in the International Wine Challenge Cellar Door of the Year awards.
Nun Monkton is located in the Yorkshire region of England.
Arlene Blum was born on March 1st, 1945 and is an American. She is a mountaineer, environmental health scientist and writer. She is also known as Annapurna.
Arlene Blum was born in 1945 and is a mountaineer. She is known for climbing Annapurna and is the mother of Annalise Blum.
Super R-Type is a 1991 shooter developed by Irem for the SNES.
Irem is the developer of Super R-Type, which was released for the SNES and Wii.
Benjamin Say was born on August 28th, 1755 in Pennsylvania. He worked at the U.S. House of Representatives and died on April 23rd, 1813.
Benjamin Say is from Pennsylvania.
Burke Lake Park is a public park located in Fairfax Station, Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Burke Lake Park is located in Virginia.
Jean Pasqualini worked as a translator for the U.S. military and the British Embassy in Beijing. He was also in Tianjin and Shanghai. The Communist Party took over in 1949.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Beijing, China but his nationality is France.
Jean Pasqualini, who lives in Paris, was released in 1964.
Jean Pasqualini is a national of France and China. He was also known as Laogai and Bao Ruowang. He died in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini died in a Paris hospital in 1997.
Jean Pasqualini is a national of France and China. He was also known as Laogai and Bao Ruowang. He died in Paris in 1997.
Bao Ruowang is the alias of Jean Pasqualini, who was born in Beijing and is both French and Chinese.
Jean Pasqualini, alias Bao Ruowang, was born in Beijing, China. He was French and Chinese. He died in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini was born in 1926 and was a French national. He was also a Chinese national. He worked as a journalist and wrote a memoir of his experiences as a political prisoner in the Laogai labor camp system. He was also known by the alias Bao Ruowang. He died on 9 October 1997.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Beijing in 1926. He was a French national and a Chinese national. He was also known as Laogai and Bao Ruowang. He died in Paris in 1997.
Teikyo School United Kingdom is a Japanese international boarding school located in Wexham, South Bucks.
Wexham is in the district of South Bucks.
The Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground in St Cross, Winchester, Hampshire. It is owned by the St Cross Symondians Cricket Club.
The Green Jackets Ground is located in Winchester, Hampshire.
Thomas Edmondson was born on 30 June 1792 in Lancaster, England. He was the inventor of the Edmondson railway ticket. He died on 22 June 1851 in Manchester, England.
Thomas Edmondson was born in England in 1792 and died in Manchester in 1851. He was an English national.
Simon Dach was a Prussian national who lived and died in Königsberg.
Simon Dach was born in Klaipda and died in Königsberg. He was a Prussian national.
The Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890 and is located on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia.
The Mont Albert railway station opened in 1890.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California on May 4th, 1961. Lawrence and Mary Elizabeth McDonough are the parents of Mary Elizabeth McDonough.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born in California in 1961.
The title of the 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup is "FIA Touring Car World Cup".
The title of the 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup is FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies (abbreviated to PAR) is a care and research not-for-profit organization located in Colorado.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies is located in Colorado.
Susana Campos is an Argentinian actress who was born on August 31st, 1934 and died on October 16th, 2004.
Susana Campos was born in 1934 and ended her career in 2004.
Irving  Irv '' Kupcinet was an American who was born on July 31st, 1912 in Chicago, Illinois. He worked as a newspaper columnist, a radio personality and a television talk show host. He died on November 10th, 2003.
Irv Kupcinet was born in 1912 and died in Chicago in 2003. He started his career in 1935 and ended it in the same year.
Susan Lynn Gordon was an American born on July 27th 1949. She was a child actress and died on December 11th 2011.
Susan Gordon was born in 1949 as Susan Lynn Gordon. She started her career in 1958 and died in 2011.
20 Fingers is an artist and music producer.
20 Fingers is an artist associated with the band Max-A-Million. He began his career in 1994 and ended it in 1995.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi and started acting in the 1970s. He attended the Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi.
Valovoy Kordon is located in Altai Krai, Uglovsky District, Russia. He is a rural locality (alias selo).
Valovoy Kordon is in Russia.
Cvetanovac is part of Ljig in Serbia. It is a village and a pushpin map.
Cvetanovac is part of Ljig in Serbia and is a pushpin map.
Marmaris National Park is a national park located in Marmaris, Mula Province, Turkey. It was founded in 1996 and is located in Köyceiz.
Marmaris National Park is located in Köyceiz.
The headquarters of Schott Music are located in Mainz, Germany. The company was founded in 1770 by Bernhard Schott, who was born on 10 August 1748 and died on 26 April 1809.
Schott Music is from Germany and was founded in 1770.
Shoaib Khan was born in Bostan, Pakistan on April 13th, 1985. He is a batsman and currently a member of the Quetta Bears.
Shoaib Khan is from Pakistan.
American actor, singer and musician Nathan Luke West was born September 29th, 1978.
Nathan West was born in 1978 under the name Nathan Luke West.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport is located in Phalaborwa, Limpopo, South Africa. The airport has the aliases PHW and FAPH.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport is located in Phalaborwa and has a pushpin map in Limpopo.
José Vandor Puchner (born József Wech, 29 October 1909 – 8 October 1979) was a Hungarian Roman Catholic priest. He was a member of the Salesians of Don Bosco.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 and died in 1979.
József Wech was born in Dorog, Austro-Hungarian Empire on 29 October 1909. He is a German national and married to Maria Puchner, a farmer. They have two children, József Wech and Maria Puchner.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 in Dorog and died in 1979.
The NSB Di 2 was started in 1954 and ended in 1957. It was built by Thune and Maschinenbau Kiel.
The NSB Di 2 was built by Thune and began service in 1954.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality in the province of vila, Castile and León, Spain.
Poyales del Hoyo is located in Spain and has a population of 598.
The song "Everybody Is a Star" was written by Sylvester Stewart and produced by Sly and the Family Stone. It was released in December 1969.
Everybody Is a Star was released in December 1969.
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverlodge Lake is located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sven Gunnarsson was born in Sweden in 1636. He was the father of Sven Gunnarsson, who was a forefather in the colony of New Sweden.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden and died in Philadelphia.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels, Upper Austria on 21 June 1840. He was a German national and historian. He died on 11 August 1915.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels.
The Myanmar Peace Centre (abbreviated to MPC) is an organization based in Myanmar (Burma).
The Myanmar Peace Centre serves Myanmar and has its headquarters in Yangon.
Thomas Van Hamme is a Belgian national who was born on 10 February 1969. He is a radio and TV moderator for the Walloon Broadcaster RTBF in Belgium.
Thomas Van Hamme is a Belgian national born in 1969.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team is part of the University of Georgia and was a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920. Georgia Tech and Tulane were also co-champions of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the Georgia Bulldogs in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920.
Selayang is the start of the road, Gombak is the end of the road and Batu Caves is the junction.
The Jalan Batu Caves route starts in Selayang and ends in Gombak.
Image-Line is the developer of FL Studio Mobile 3 which was preceded by FL Studio Mobile 2. Artua is the developer of FL Studio Mobile 2.
Image-Line is the developer of FL Studio Mobile.
The Young Survival Coalition (YSC) was founded in 1998 by three young women with breast cancer. It is a 501(c)(3 non-profit international organization headquartered in New York City.
The Young Survival Coalition was founded in 1998.
The Ivory Sands House is a historic house built in 1839 at 145 Elm Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts. The house has the transitional Federal-Greek Revival style of architecture.
Ivory Sands House was built in 1839.
Matthijs Wulfraet worked in Arnhem in 1670-1683 and died in Amsterdam.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem and died in Amsterdam.
British saxophonist Johnny Almond was born 29 July 1946 and died 18 November 2009. He is associated with Alan Price Set, John Mayall and Fleetwood Mac. He is also a member of the band Mark-Almond.
Johnny Almond is a band member of Mark-Almond.
King Pedro IV Square (synonym Praça de D. Pedro IV) is the name of Rossio, which is located in Lisbon, Portugal.
Rossio Square is located in Lisbon, Portugal.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a local operation that took place at the Ypres Salient in Belgium in 1916. It was part of the First World War and involved three divisions of the British Second Army and three divisions of the German 4th Army.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel took place in Ypres.
Born in 1949, Josianne Fleming-Artsen began her career in 2014 as an educator and politician. She served as Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten and ended her career in 2015.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen was the Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park located on the Mississippi River in the state of Minnesota, United States.
Great River Bluffs State Park is located in the state of Minnesota, United States.
Barnes Reeves Eason Jr was born November 19th, 1914 and died October 25th, 1921.
B. Reeves Eason Jr. was born in 1914 and ended his career in 1921.
Indian educationalist Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence was born on 28 July 1923 in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu. He died on 21 April 2009.
H. S. S. Lawrence was an Indian national who was born in 1923 in Nagercoil. His birth name was Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence and he died in 2009 in Chennai.
The burial of Qiu Fazu took place on 7 April 2009 at Qiu Fazu Square which is part of the Tongji Medical College. The Tongji Medical College is part of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan.
Qiu Fazu was born in Hangzhou and died in Wuhan.
Moseyev Pochinok is a village in Mardengskoye Rural Settlement, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Moseyev Pochinok is located in Russia.
Spacetime Studios (abbreviated to STS) is a games development studio located in Austin, Texas. It was founded in 2005 and its key personnel include Cinco Barnes, Anthony L. Sommers and Gary Gattis.
Spacetime Studios is located in Texas and was founded in 2005.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics are carboniferous and are found in Scotland.
Yazawa was a member of Emi Music Japan in 2008. Garuru Records was founded in the same year.
Eikichi Yazawa, who is signed to Garuru Records, was born in Japan and became active in 1975.
The Baltimore Colts play in the Western Conference and are an opponent of the Green Bay Packers.
The 1965 NFL playoffs included the Baltimore Colts as rd1 team and the Green Bay Packers as rd2.
Animazement was held in 1998 at the North Raleigh Hilton in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Animazement is an anime convention held at the Raleigh Convention Center and the Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center.
The Little Joe 1A, also known as LJ-1A, is an unmanned rocket that was launched by NASA on November 4th, 1959.
Little Joe 1A is operated by NASA.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Kekerten Island is in Canada.
L'Inondation, directed by Delluc, was released in 1924. Delluc died in Paris.
Louis Delluc, a French national, was born in 1890 and died in Paris in 1924.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague.
Ivan Moravec was born and died in Prague.
Gene Hackman stars in Hoosiers which was released in 1986 and is set at the fictitious Hickory High School.
Bobby Plump attended high school in Milan.
Martial Outlaw is a 1993 martial arts film directed by Kurt Anderson, produced by Pierre David, written by Thomas Ritz and starring Jeff Wincott, Gary Hudson and Richard Jaeckel.
Martial Outlaw was written by Thomas Ritz and Pierre David. It was produced by Pierre David and directed by Kurt Anderson.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team is a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference and plays in the Coastal Division.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team is based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. They play in the Atlantic Coast Conference and in the Coastal Division.
Rangra is a village in Nakodar, Jalandhar district, Punjab, India.
Rangra is found in Nakodar, India.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born October 1st, 1877 and died January 17th, 1967. She was a key person at Sainte-Justine Hospital which is a children's hospital.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born in Montreal in 1877 and died in Montreal in 1967.
Tianshili station is part of line 3 of the Tianjin Metro and was opened in 2012.
Tianshili Station opened in 2012.
Mary Marg Helgenberger is an American actress who was born on November 16th, 1958. She began her career in 1982 and starred in the soap opera Marg Helgenberger.
Mary Marg Helgenberger was born in 1958 and became active in 1982.
Mount Pippu is located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains, Hokkaid, Japan.
Mount Pippu is located in Hokkaido, Japan.
Henrik Fig is a football midfielder who plays for the Danish association. He is also located in Germany and the United States.
Henrik Fig was born in Denmark.
Pinhou is part of Guémon Region, Montagnes District, Bangolo Department and Kahin-Zarabaon sub-prefecture. It is a village with a pushpin map of Ivory Coast.
Pinhou is part of Kahin-Zarabaon in Ivory Coast.
The Yorkshire Jets are a netball team based in Yorkshire, England.
Anna Carter is the coach of the Yorkshire Jets who are based in Yorkshire.
The main building of Moscow State University is a skyscraper with a height of 240 metres and is located in Moscow, Russia.
The main building of Moscow State University is located in Moscow, Russia and is named after Messeturm.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne on 15 June 1790. He was a German architect and archaeologist. He died in Paris on January 1854.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne and died in Paris.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was started in 1776 and is part of the Continental Army.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was active from 1776 to 1783.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a medical school in Bangladesh. It was founded in 2013 and is owned by the government.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is located in Bangladesh.
Carla Juri is a Swiss national who was born January 2nd, 1985. She is an actress.
Carla Juri was born in 1985.
Urumqi Air is a low-cost airline headquartered in Ürümqi, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
The headquarters of Urumqi Air are located in Ürümqi.
Mohamad Issack is the name of Isaq, an Indian film producer and director who is associated with the Kollywood film industry. He is the author of Agadam which is written in Tamil.
Mohamad Issack is the writer, producer and director of Agadam.
Varano Borghi is a municipality in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.
Varano Borghi is located in Lombardy and has a population of 3.3.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian national who worked as an Ambassador and died in Tokyo.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia and died in Tokyo in December 1917. He was a Romanian national.
Nicolae Xenopol was a Romanian national who worked as an Ambassador and died in Tokyo.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia. He died in Tokyo, Japan in December 1917.
Harlow Town railway station is located in Harlow, Essex, England and is on the West Anglia Main Line.
Harlow Town railway station is located in Harlow and opened in 1842. It is on the West Anglia Main Line.
Beeson was born in Oxford on 10 February 1889 and was the son of Walter Thomas Beeson and Rose Eliza Beeson.
Cyril Beeson was born in Oxford in 1889 and died in 1975.
American film and television actress Marion McCorry was born October 10th, 1945.
Marion McCorry was born in 1945.
Sumiko Sakamoto was born in Osaka, Japan on November 26th, 1936.
Sumiko Sakamoto is from Japan.
Victor Valley High School is located in Victorville, California, United States.
Victor Valley High School is located in the state of California.
The Kearns-Saint Ann School in Utah was founded in 1899.
Kearns-Saint Ann Catholic School in Utah was founded in 1899.
Manning Island is located in Antarctica.
Manning Island is located in Antarctica.
British marathon runner Callum Hawkins was born 22 June 1992.
Callum Hawkins is a British national.
Callum Hawkins is a British distance runner who was born on 22 June 1992. He competed in the marathon at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Callum Hawkins was born in Elderslie and is a British national. He plays for Butler University.
He attended the University of the West of Scotland and plays for Butler University. He is an athlete and a mechanical engineer. He won an award at the University of the West of Scotland.
Callum Hawkins was born in Elderslie and is a British national. He plays for Butler University and the University of the West of Scotland.
Jalal Khoury was born in Beirut on 28 May 1933 and died on 3 December 2017. He was a comedian, playwright, theatre director and artistic editor.
Jalal Khoury was born in Beirut and lives there.
Ramiro was born in Oviedo and was married to Paterna. He died on 1 February 850 in his palace at Mount Naranco, Oviedo. His burial place is the Pantheon of Asturian Kings and the Cathedral of San Salvador, Oviedo.
Ramiro I of Asturias was born in Oviedo and died in Oviedo. He was married to Paterna.
The Bristol Beaufighter aircraft of 404 Squadron, part of the Royal Canadian Air Force, is an opponent of Vorpostenboot. The Vorpostenboot is located at Skaggerak off Justy, Norway and was used during World War II.
The ship Vorpostenboot was wrecked in October 1944.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II, alias John-Chrysostome Brauneis, was a Canadian composer, organist and music educator. He was born in Quebec City on 26 January 1814 and died in Montreal on 11 August 1871.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II died in Montreal.
Replikas is the artist for the album Zerre which was released in November 2008 under the record label Peyote Music. Peyote Music is associated with the band Replikas.
Replikas is the artist behind Zerre, which is recorded on the Peyote label.
Benjamin Brooks Thomas was an American lawyer and executive who worked for Harper & Row. He was born November 28th, 1931 and died February 5th, 2010.
Brooks Thomas was born in 1931 and died in 2010.
Small Town Sheriff is a silent animated short subject produced by Paul Terry and made by Fables Studios. It is part of Aesop's Fables film series.
Small Town Sheriff was produced at Fables Studios by Paul Terry.
Sylvia Morales was born in Phoenix, Arizona in 1943. She is a Mexican-American writer, producer, editor and director who is known for establishing a Latino cinema.
Sylvia Morales is Mexican-American and graduated from UCLA.
Sylvia Morales is Mexican-American and began her career in 1971. She graduated from UCLA with a degree in Film.
Sylvia Morales attended the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women and won the Rockefeller Fellowship Award in media.
Carolyn is a singer and guitarist who started performing in 1995. She is signed to Reunion Records.
Carolyn Arends, who started performing in 1995, is signed to the record labels Signpost Music and Reunion Records.
DiPROMiSE is a farewell song by Pour Lui, who is a member of the band BiS. Pour Lui started performing in 2009 and ended his career in 2018.
Pour Lui started performing in 2009 and is a member of the band BiS.
Abdul Satar Sirat was born in Afghanistan in 2001.
Abdul Satar Sirat was born in Afghanistan.
Keydan is a village in Borujerd County, Iran, in the Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District, in the Lorestan Province. Keydan has the aliases Khaidn and Kheydn, and has a population of 909.
Keydan is a village in Iran with a population of 909 and a pushpin map.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna, Romagna. He plays for A.C. Cesena, which is located in Romagna. Nebil also plays for A.C. Cesena.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna.
The Universal Engineering College is a private engineering college located in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur district, Kerala, India.
The Universal Engineering College is located in Irinjalakuda, Kerala, India.
Gerran Lyn Howell is a Welsh actor, writer and director who was born on 25 February 1991. He began his career in 2006 and is a writer of short films. Gerran Lyn Howell is known for being part of the CBBC television series, Vladimir Dracula.
Gerran Howell was born in Wales in 1991. His birth name is Gerran Lyn Howell and he began his career in 2006.
The Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute located in the villages of Kushk-e Hezar Rural District and Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is located in Iran.
The Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is an agricultural institute in Sepidan County, Beyza District, Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Fars Province, Iran. It has a population of 14 people.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute has a population of 14 and is located in Iran.
Alberto Sordi was an Italian actor and comedian. He was born on June 15th, 1920 and died on February 24th, 2003. He was also a singer, a composer, a screenwriter and a director.
Alberto Sordi was born in Rome in 1920 and died in Rome in 2003.
Gastone Moschin was born in 1929.
Italian stage, television and film actor Gastone Moschin was born 8 June 1929 and died 4 September 2017.
The Muri Dam is a dam constructed in 1980 in Hokkaido, Japan.
The Muri Dam is a dam in Hokkaido, Japan. It was completed in 1980.
The BMW 1 Series, manufactured by BMW, is a subcompact executive car (C-segment) that was produced in 2004.
BMW is the manufacturer of the BMW 1 Series.
Mazra'eh-ye Pishu is a village in the district of Kushk-e Nar District, Behdasht Rural District, Parsian County, Iran. Its alias is Mazra''eh-ye Psh and it has 43 inhabitants. The province of Hormozgan is Mazra'eh-ye Pishu.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu is a village in Iran which has 43 people living in it.
Petralia Sottana is a town in Sicily, Italy. Sicily is an island in the Metropolitan City of Palermo.
Petralia Sottana is from the Sicily region of Italy.
The Uganda Ministry of Health is the owner of Fort Portal Hospital, a public hospital with the alias of Regional Referral Hospitals. The hospital is located in Uganda.
Fort Portal Hospital is located in Uganda.
Carlo Broglia was born in Chieri, Italy on 16 September 1552. He began his term on 20 November 1592 and died in Italy. His title was Archbishop of Turin. Pope Clement VIII held the papacy.
Carlo Broglia was born in Chieri, Italy and died in Italy. He was the Archbishop of Turin.
The Shakshuka System is a documentary film written by the Israeli investigative journalist Mickey Rosenthal and directed by the Israeli national Ilan Abudi. The Shakshuka System is written in Hebrew and was released in 2008.
The Shakshuka System was written in Hebrew and directed by Ilan Abudi, who also did the cinematography.
Dinghurst fort is an Iron Age univallate hillfort in Somerset, England. It is located in the region of Churchill.
Dinghurst fort is located in Somerset.
The magical cauldron known as Pair Dadeni (also known as The Cauldron of Rebirth) is part of Welsh mythology and Welsh literature. It is also part of the second branch of Mabinogi.
The name of Pair Dadeni is "The Cauldron of Rebirth".
The Cauldron of Rebirth is the name of Pair Dadeni which is owned by Bendigeidfran and affiliated with Efnisien.
Pair Dadeni, also known as The Cauldron of Rebirth, is a magical cauldron known to revive the dead. It belongs to the genre of Welsh mythology and Welsh literature.
Pair Dadeni, known for restoring the dead to life, is affiliated with Matholwch.
The Cauldron of Rebirth is the name of Pair Dadeni, which is owned by Bendigeidfran and affiliated with Matholwch and Efnisien.
The first female literary magazine, Seito, was published in Japan. The country is the birthplace of Yamakawa Kikue, who was active from 1915 to 1916. He is known for being involved in the debate on the abolition of prostitution. Itou Noe is a Japanese feminist.
Yamakawa Kikue was born and died in Japan.
Yamakawa Kikue was born in 1908 and his almaMater is Joshi Eigaku Juku. TsudaJuku University is the alias of Joshi Eigaku Juku which is a private women's college in Tokyo.
Yamakawa Kikue was born in Tokyo, Japan and died in Tokyo, Japan.
Macedonian handball player Ilija Krstevski was born 21 February 1993 and plays for PIF.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian national.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland. Gmina Wierzbinek is the district of Nowiny Kryszkowskie.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is located in Poland.
The Duke Blue Devils are a football team that competed in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS season. They are based at the Wallace Wade Stadium and are led by David Cutcliffe, a fifth year head coach.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team play their home games at the Wallace Wade Stadium.
The Blue Devils play their home games at Wallace Wade Stadium and are part of the Atlantic Coast Conference in the Coastal Division. Their leader is David Cutcliffe who is in his fifth year as a head coach.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team play their home games at the Wallace Wade Stadium and are part of the Atlantic Coast Conference in the Coastal Division.
Kirchzarten Airfield is an unpaved airfield in Kirchzarten, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Kirchzarten Airfield is located in Kirchzarten, Freiburg, Germany.
Halperin was born in 1933 in Austria and died in Israel.
Rafael Halperin was born in Austria and ended his career in 1973. He died in Israel.
Moldavian chemist and mineralogist Petru Poni was born on 4 January 1841 in Moldavian. He died on 2 April 1925.
Romanian national Petru Poni was born in 1841 in Săcărești and died in 1925 in Iași.
Brooke Langton is an American actress who was born on November 27th, 1970.
Brooke Langton was born in Arizona in 1970 and started performing in 1992.
Giovanni De Agostini is a geographer who is located in Rome, Italy. He was a key person at It which was founded in 1901.
DeAgostini was founded in 1901.
Roncesvalles Pass is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees region of Spain. It is 1057 m high and has the labels Ronceval Pass and Roncevaux Pass.
Roncevaux Pass, also known as the Pass of Roncesvalles, is located in Spain.
The Canyon de Chelly National Monument is located in the Navajo Nation and Four Corners regions of Arizona. It was established on April 1st, 1931 and is part of the National Park Service. Its alias is d-SHAY.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is located in Arizona.
Tabayin Township is a township in Shwebo District, Burma. It is located in the Sagaing Division region.
Tabayin Township is located in Burma on the pushpin map.
The S. Curtis Smith House is a historic 2-1/2 story wood frame house in Newton, Massachusetts. It was constructed in 1883 and is known as one of Newton's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses. It is located at 56 Fairmont Avenue.
The S Curtis Smith House was built in 1883.
American-Haitian DJ Yves Mondesir, also known as DJ Whoo Kid, was born October 12th, 1975. His musical genre is Hip Hop.
DJ Whoo Kid is a member of the band G-Unit and is associated with the musical artist DJ Whoo Kid.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town in Düsseldorf.
Joseph Goebbels, born Paul Joseph Goebbels in Rheydt, was the Chancellor of Germany.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town in Düsseldorf.
Joseph Goebbels was born in Rheydt as Paul Joseph Goebbels. He was the Chancellor of Germany and died in Berlin.
The Normals, who are owned by ForeFront Records, produced three albums and won two GMA Dove Award nominations. They ended their career in 2002.
The Normals started performing in 1998 and ended their career in 2002.
The Wildparkstadion is a football stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
The Wildparkstadion is located in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Sorkh Geriveh is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. Sorkh Geriveh is also known as Sorkh Chr, Sorkh Geryeh and Surkhchari.
Sorkh Geriveh is a village and a pushpin map in Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh, alias eydarbd-e Meyheh, is a village in the Central District of Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. It has a population of 181 and is a pushpin map.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh is a village in Iran which has a population of 181 and is a pushpin map.
Mexican American Ben T. Reyes was born in Burton, Texas on February 16th, 1947. He is a resident of Denver Harbor, Houston. He was the son of a laborer.
Ben Reyes was born in Texas and lives in Houston.
Claudia Romani was born in L'Aquila, Italy on April 14th, 1982.
Claudia Romani is an Italian national born in L'Aquila, Italy. She is a model.
Great Central Mines Limited was founded on 19 December 1996 and was preceded by Great Central Mines NL.
The predecessor of Great Central Mines is Great Central Mines NL.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is located in Baden-Baden and is part of the Group 3 class. It won the Grosser Sprint-Preis in 1998.
The Badener Sprint Cup is held in Baden-Baden, Germany and is in the Group 3 class.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla is a village in Chardavol County, Zagros District, Bijnavand Rural District, Ilam Province, Iran. It is also known as Kaleh Qaţr-e Sofla or Kaleh Qaţr-e Sofla.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla is a village in Iran with a population of 95 and a pushpin map.
"Wind of Time" has a pop version and the title "Tears in Heaven".
Loona is the artist behind Wind of Time which has the title "If Only", "Tears in Heaven" and a "Pop Version".
Michael Berenbaum was born in Newark, New Jersey on July 31st, 1945. He is an American rabbi, writer, filmmaker and scholar. He is also a professor.
Born in 1945, Michael Berenbaum's religion is Judaism.
Padiham (abbreviated to PAD-i-m) is a small town and civil parish located on the River Calder in the county of Lancashire, England.
Padiham is in the county of Lancashire in England.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Meyghan Rural District, Central District, Nehbandan County, Iran. It has a population of 20. Gol-e Darakht is located in the South Khorasan Province.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Iran which has 20 people living in it.
Watkins was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire and studied natural sciences at Abingdon School and Durham University.
Nathaniel Watkins was born in Oxfordshire.
Vaikule was born in Csis, Latvia on 31 March 1954.
Laima Vaikule was born in Csis, Latvia in 1954. She is an actress.
Salomone Leclercq was born Guillaume-Nicolas-Louis Leclercq on 15 November 1745. He was a French national who was a Roman Catholic during the French Revolution and died on 2 September 1792.
Salomone Leclercq was born in 1745 and died in Paris in 1792.
Al-Bab District is a district in Aleppo Governorate, Syria.
Al-Bab District is a type of district.
Caeciliusetae is of the order Psocomorpha and belongs to the order Psocoptera.
Caeciliusetae is of the order Psocomorpha and belongs to the order Psocoptera.
Pocci is a German poet, dramatist, painter and composer. He is the author of 45 original works including Punch and Judy and the Munich Marionette Theatre.
Count Franz Pocci was born Franz Graf von Pocci in Munich, Germany. He was influenced by Kasperl and died in Munich.
The Khandoli Dam is a type of dam located in Jharkhand, India.
The Khandoli Dam is located in Giridih, Jharkhand, India.
Aghjeh is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, Iran. It has 284 inhabitants. Aghjeh is located in the North Khorasan Province and has the alias of ghjeh.
Aghjeh is a village in Iran with a population of 284 and a pushpin map.
The Jerusalem Lions came before the Jerusalem Kings who were based in Jerusalem.
The Jerusalem Kings are found in Jerusalem.
Mount Keltie is part of the Conway Range in Antarctica and has a height of 2,640 metres.
Mount Keltie is located in Antarctica.
The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team is located in Itta Bena, Mississippi and play their home games at the Harrison HPER Complex. They are part of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team is a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Italian physicist Roberto Car was born in Trieste on 3 January 1947. His field of study is molecular dynamics.
Roberto Car was born in Trieste.
An account of the life of Ubbo Emmius was written by Nicolaus Mulerius and published in 1638 by Groningen. Nicolaus Mulerius died in 1630.
Nicolaus Mulerius was born in Bruges and died in Groningen.
The Old Pike Inn is a two-story brick historic inn and tavern located in the city of New Albany, Floyd County, Indiana. It was constructed in 1840.
The Old Pike Inn was built in 1840.
Canadian cricketer Sunil Dhaniram is known for picking up his maiden fifer in ODI history at the age of 39 years and 256 days for Canada.
Sunil Dhaniram was born in Guyana, Canada.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic home located in Jerusalem, Yates County, New York. It was constructed in 1870.
The Sill Tenant House was built in 1870.
The Eide Church is located in Norway.
The Church of Norway is located in the city of Hustadvika in the county of Mre og Romsdal. The church has an office in the Eide Church which has the title of Church of Norway.
Hy Gotkin was born in Brooklyn and is Jewish. He attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn. He played basketball for the school and won the National Invitational Tournament (NIT) championships in 1942. He ended his career in 1944. His former team was St. John's University.
Hy Gotkin was born in Brooklyn and ended his career in 1944.
Hyman  Hy '' Gotkin was born in Brooklyn on August 16th, 1922. He was Jewish and a professional basketball player. He was educated at Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn. He died on April 11th, 2004.
Hy Gotkin was an American born in Brooklyn. He ended his career in 1944.
Qareh Bater is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. Qareh Bater (alias Qareh Bţer) has 144 inhabitants.
Qareh Bater is a village in Iran which has a population of 144. It is located on the pushpin map.
The Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft (abbreviated to Deschimag) was founded in 1926 and is located in Bremen. It is a type of cooperation and its parent company is AG Weser, which is located in Bremen.
Founded in 1926, Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau is located in Bremen, Germany.
Naathan Phan was born on August 20th, 1988. He is a Vietnamese-American magician, singer, actor, comedian and internet personality.
Naathan Phan was born in 1988.
Veliki Kozjak is a mountain cliff located in Dalmatian Zagora, Croatia. Kozjak is the alias of Veliki Kozjak.
Veliki Kozjak is located in Croatia.
Jean Courtecuisse was born in Le Mans in 1350. He was a French theologian and bishop of Paris and Geneva. He died in Geneva on 4 March 1423.
Jean Courtecuisse died in Geneva.
The Mahindra Thar is an SUV and an off-road Jeep CJ. It is produced by the Indian automaker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd.
The Mahindra Thar is classed as an SUV.
Humberto Martins Duarte is a Brazilian actor who was born on 14 April 1961.
Humberto Martins Duarte was born in 1961.
Tatjana Wood was born in Darmstadt, Germany as Tatjana Weintraub. She is an American artist and comic book colorist.
Tatjana Wood, born Tatjana Weintraub, was born in Darmstadt, Germany.
The SnOasis is a ski centre constructed in 2004 and located in Great Blakenham.
SnOasis is located in Great Blakenham, Suffolk.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department of France.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is located in France.
The 11th Street Bridge, constructed in 1915, is located on the Arkansas River in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The 11th Street Bridge was constructed in 1915.
Petrinum is a Latin school founded in Dorsten in 1642. It is part of the Westphalian Order which was founded in 1488.
The Gymnasium Petrinum Dorsten in Dorsten was founded in 1642.
Roger Mathey is an American playwright, actor, producer, director and filmmaker. His plays have been produced in Bakersfield, San Francisco, Denver, Orange County and Los Angeles.
Roger Mathey lives in California.
Amtrak opened in 1994.
Amtrak is the operator of Camarillo station which opened in 1994 and serves the Amtrak railway line.
Ada Annie Rae-Arthur was born on June 19th, 1888 in Hesquiat Harbour, Canada. She was a pioneer and her alias was Cougar Annie. Ada Annie Lawson was her alias and she died on April 28th, 1985. Ada Annie Rae-Arthur is located in Clayoquot Sound on the west coast of Vancouver Island.
Cougar Annie died in 1985.
British artist Richard John Spare was born in 1951. He is known for his drypoints, etchings and oil paintings.
Richard John Spare was the birth name of Richard Spare, a British national.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet in the district of East Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England.
Bonthorpe is in the county of Lincolnshire, England.
DMJM was the architect of Portland Plaza which was constructed in 1973.
DMJM was the architect of Portland Plaza.
Australian Walker, who lived in Paris and was Ambassador to France, was born in 1959.
Born in Australia, Edward Ronald Walker, died in Paris.
Walker served as President of the Council and was a member of the Legislative Assembly during June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in June 1957.
Sir Edward Ronald Walker (26 January 1907 – 28 November 1988) was an Australian diplomat, economist and ambassador. He was born in Germany, France, Japan and was Australia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in 1907 in Cobar, Australia and graduated from the University of Sydney. He was married to Louise Clementine Donckers and died in Paris, France in 1988.
Bouly de Lesdain, who died in 1975, was married to the American explorer Martha Mailey.
Jacques Bouly de Lesdain was born in Dunkirk, France in 1880. He was married to Martha Mailey and died in 1975.
Rocchetta Belbo is an Italian municipality in the province of Cuneo, Piedmont.
Rocchetta Belbo is from the Piedmont region.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila in 1647.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila.
Ron Caragher is the fourth-year head coach of the 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team, which is affiliated with San Jose State University and competed in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team's home field is the Spartan Stadium and their alias is the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team's home and road are the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team is affiliated with San Jose State University and play in the Mountain West Conference in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Their home field is the Spartan Stadium and they are coached by Ron Caragher, who is in his fourth season as a head coach.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team plays in the Mountain West Conference and is a member of the West Division.
The registered office of ELSTAT is located in Piraeus, a municipality in Greece. ELSTAT owns 50 regional statistical offices.
The headquarters of the Hellenic Statistical Authority are located in Piraeus, Greece.
Edward Hospital & Health Services (abbreviated to Edward Hospital Services Corporation) is a major healthcare provider located in Naperville, DuPage County, Illinois. Naperville is a suburb of Chicago.
The Edward Hospital in Illinois opened in 1907.
Microsoft is the developer of Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 which was released on November 27th 2012.
Microsoft is the developer of Windows MultiPoint Server.
Born in Nantwich, he died in Leicester.
Frederick Hassall was born in Nantwich and died in Leicestershire.
Alpha Leporis is classed as F0 Ib and has the name of a lower luminosity supergiant star.
Alpha Leporis is in the class F0 Ib.
Gregory Porter is an American actor, singer and songwriter. He was born November 4th, 1971.
Gregory Porter is an actor, songwriter and performer of jazz music.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk's ground is in Donetsk, Ukraine and they play futsal.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk's ground is in Donetsk, Ukraine.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist who won the Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition in 2005.
Lynette Washington performs jazz music.
Leiren is a village in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county, Norway. Leira is a synonym for Leiren.
Leiren is part of Nordland in Norway. Leira is a synonym for Leiren.
Manila, Philippines is the hometown of She, who was born on October 24, 2004. She was the first Philippine candidate to the Miss Earth pageant to become a finalist. She was also one of the Top 8 Finalists in the grand coronation night. She was also part of the conference, Miss Earth 2004.
Tamera Szijarto's hometown is Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Szijarto was born Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto in the Philippines. She is a Hungarian-Filipino beauty queen and entrepreneur.
Tamera Szijarto, born Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, was born in Manila, Philippines. She was crowned Miss Philippines Earth 2004.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is located in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales. It was constructed in 1891 and is owned by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
The Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is located in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales. It is operated by the RNLI.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home located in Pensacola, Florida.
King-Hooton House is located in Florida.
Motion Blur is a computer game developer located in Ataşehir, Istanbul. They were founded in 2004 and use the alias Motion Blur Game Studio.
Motion Blur was founded in 2004 and is located in Ataşehir.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in 1454 and died on 9 September 1503. He was a Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Count of Neuchâtel. Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg started his career in 1487 and was Lord of Badenweiler. Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg was the father of Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in 1454 and became Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg. He was Count of Neuchâtel. Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg started his career in 1487 and died on 9 September 1503. He was the son of Margrave Rudolf IV and Margaret of Vienne.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier. He was married to Maria of Savoy.
Chobepur is a suburb of the city of Kanpur in India. It has a population of 2000.
Naramau is a suburb in India.
American Charles Sellier was born November 9th, 1943 and died January 31st, 2011. He was a novelist, screenwriter, television producer and director. He is known for creating the American book and television series.
Charles Sellier was born in 1943 and died in 2011.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou, China on 13 December 1993. He is a Chinese footballer who plays for Kunshan FC and is a member of the China League Two. His native name is Yang Ruan.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou.
Zaven Andriasian, alias Andriasyan, is an Armenian chess grandmaster who was born in Yerevan on March 11th, 1989. He was a World Junior Chess Champion.
Zaven Andriasian was born in Yerevan.
The Fukagawa Route is part of the Shuto Expressway system and is tolled. It is located in the Greater Tokyo area and is 5.3 km long. It starts in the Tokyo ward of Ch and ends in the ward of Kt. The Fukagawa Route is also known as Route 9 and is part of the Shuto Expressway system.
The Fukagawa Route ends in Kt.
Javanfekr, who was born on 27 February 2012, is a member of the Iran Press and Cultural Institute (IRNA) and a Presidential Advisor of Press Affairs.
IRNA scientist Ali Akbar Javanfekr was born in Tehran, Iran. He lives in Tehran.
Sporobolomyces is a fungal genus of the order Sporidiobolales.
Sporobolomyces belongs to the order of Sporidiobolales and is a species.
Barnes, who has collected specimens of lichen, started his career in 1913 and used to work for the Dublin Naturalists' Field Club.
Irish national Eileen Barnes was born in Dublin and died in Dublin.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a commercial bank located in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is located in Shenzhen.
Senegalese politician Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack on June 14th, 1930 and died on December 13th, 2006.
Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack.
The Otoyol 7 is a toll motorway located in Istanbul. It is also known as O-7, Motorway 7 and the Northern Marmara Motorway.
The Otoyol 7 is located in Akyaz, Istanbul.
Sulichay is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County, Iran. It has a population of 107 and the alias is Slchy.
Sulichay is a village in Iran with a population of 107. Sulichay is a pushpin map.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland. He started his career in 2011 and ended it in 2011. His single "Annoying" was played at the YleX radio station.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland. He started his career in 2011 and ended it in 2011.
Bridgeton railway station is located in Bridgeton, Glasgow, Scotland and is operated by Abellio ScotRail. The station is located on the Argyle Line which is located in Glasgow Central.
Bridgeton railway station is located in the district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton railway station, opened in 1895, is located in the district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton Cross Station was opened in 1895 and is on the line between Glasgow Green and Rutherglen which is owned by the Glasgow Central Railway.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a settlement in the district of Gmina Kodrb, Radomsko County, ód Voivodeship, Poland.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is located in Poland.
Shahbag was once the biggest hotel in Dhaka and is now a defunct hotel.
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University is located in Shahbag, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Saraukhola is a village development committee in Parbat District, Dhawalagiri Zone, Nepal. It has a population of 2457 and is a pushpin map.
Saraukhola is a pushpin map in Nepal with a population of 2457.
Davit Harutyunyan was born in Yerevan on March 5th 1963. He is an Armenian politician who worked as the deputy Minister of Justice. His career began in 1997 and ended in 1998. His alias is David Harutyunyan.
Davit Harutyunyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia and worked as the Minister of Justice.
Ciudad Nueva is a sector in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. It is part of the Distrito Nacional district.
Ciudad Nueva is a pushpinMap in the Dominican Republic.
39 % of the students at the University of Tulsa are from the state of Oklahoma.
The University of Tulsa is located in the state of Oklahoma, US.
He was born in Khammam, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, India.
Srinivasa Reddy was born in Khammam, Telangana and began his career in 2001.
The Sheepdogs are touring performers who perform in the USA, UK, Eastern and Western Europe, Canada and Australia.
The Sheepdogs are from Canada.
The Sheepdogs started performing in 2006 and recorded their first album at the Cosmic Pad Studios in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
The Sheepdogs are from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. They started their career in 2006 and released their debut album Feeling Good.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party.
N.Y. Hanumanthappa was born in Chitradurga, Karnataka.
Victor Dourlen was born in Dunkerque and began his career in 1799. He was a pupil of Charles-Simon Catel, François-Joseph Gossec, Paris Conservatory and Benoit Mozin.
Victor Dourlen died in Paris.
"Your Mirror" is a song by British soul and pop band Simply Red, written by Mick Hucknall and released in July 1992.
Your Mirror was released in July 1992.
The Benguet State University is a state university located in La Trinidad, Benguet, Philippines.
The Benguet State University is located in the province of Benguet, Philippines.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was a battle that took place in Villarrobledo on September 20th, 1836 during the First Carlist War.
The Battle of Villarrobledo took place in Villarrobledo.
Sir Francis Theodore Page Burt was an Australian jurist who was born on 14 June 1918 and died on 8 September 2004. He worked as the Governor of Western Australia, the Chief Justice of Western Australia and the Governor of Western Australia. He began his career in 1977 and ended it in 1988.
Francis Burt was born Francis Theodore Page Burt in Perth, Australia. He was the Governor of Western Australia and the Chief Justice of Western Australia. He was in office on the 11th of January 1899 and died in Perth.
Norwegian judge Thor Breien was born 9 February 1899.
Thor Breien was born in 1899 and is a Norwegian national.
He died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire on 9 April 1984.
Randal Woollatt was born in Claygate, Surrey and died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College (abbreviated to S6C) is a free school sixth form located in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Salisbury Sixth Form College is located in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. It was founded in 2014.
Unionist politician Joan Carson was born on 29 January 1935 and worked in Northern Ireland.
Enniskillen born Joan Carson worked in Northern Ireland.
The Liverbirds are an English all-female rock band from Liverpool. They started their career in 1963 and ended it in 1968.
The Liverbirds, from Liverpool, started their career in 1963 and ended it in 1968.
Ma Qi, a member of the Ma Zhongying family, died in Xining, Qinghai, China on 5 August 1931.
Ma Qi was born in Gansu and died in Qinghai or Xining.
A weatherboard signal box was constructed in 1887 and is owned by RailCorp.
Albion Park railway station in Australia was opened in 1887 and is owned by RailCorp and operated by NSW TrainLink.
The governing body of the Kerala Vasthu Vidya temple in the state of Kerala is the Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
The Palkulangara Devi Temple in Palkulangara, Kerala, India is governed by the Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
Charles Stewart, the incumbent Member of Parliament and Alberta Premier, was his opponent. He won the new Jasper-Edson electoral district.
Born in Alberta, Walter Frederick Kuhl, worked as a teacher and lived in the region of Jasper-Edson.
Gariffa is a village on the banks of the Hooghly River. He was born in 1791 and lived in Kolkata.
Ramkamal Sen was born in Gariffa and died in Kolkata.
Augustusburg is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Augustusburg is in the district of Mittelsachsen in Germany.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is an all-through school located in Sheffield, Attercliffe, South Yorkshire, England.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is located in Sheffield, England and was founded in 2015.
Abraham Vanderveer was born in New York in 1781. He was a U.S. Representative and died on July 21st, 1839.
Abraham Vanderveer died in Brooklyn, New York.
Johann Ernst Eberlin was his teacher and he was born in Inzell, Bavaria. He lives in Salzburg.
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser was born in Inzell and died in Salzburg.
SC 322 is located in Pinckneyville, York County and has a route junction with SC 49 ( Lockhart Road).
South Carolina Highway 322 is located in the county of York in the state of SC.
South Carolina Highway 322 (abbreviated to SC 322) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It is 44417 in length.
South Carolina Highway 322 is located in McConnells, SC.
Duke Robillard, a member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds, is a key member of the Duke Robillard Band. He started performing in 1981 and is signed to the record label Rounder Records.
Duke Robillard plays blues guitar and was active from 1967 to 1990.
Clovis West High School in California was founded in 1976 and is ranked 206th.
Clovis West High School in California was founded in 1976.
Norwegian writer Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm on October 23rd, 1949.
Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in Lower Austria, Austria.
Hainburg an der Donau is in Austria.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh was founded in 2015 and has its headquarters in Namchi, Sikkim. Its unit offices are located in almost all the regions of Sikkim.
The headquarters of the Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh are in Namchi, Sikkim, India.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Championship was held in the city of Sousse, Tunisia between 20 and 29 March 2014. It was the 33rd staging of African's premier club volleyball competition.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was held in Sousse, Tunisia.
The Fletcher Peninsula is a broad ice-covered peninsula located in the Bellingshausen Sea in Antarctica.
The Fletcher Peninsula is in Antarctica.
The Isuzu Philippines Corporation is a manufacturing company located in Laguna Technopark and Bian, Laguna. It was founded in 1995.
Isuzu Philippines, founded in 1995, is located in Bian and is in the manufacturing of buses.
The village of Chah-e Amiq Hesar (also known as Chh-e Amq eşr) is located in the district of Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, in the Razavi Khorasan Province of Iran.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar is a village in Iran.
With a population of 180, Rezaabad-e Reza Veys is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, in the Lorestan Province of Iran. The alias of Rezaabad-e Reza Veys is "Rebd-e Re Veys".
With a population of 180, Rezaabad-e Reza Veys is a village and a settlement in Iran.
Sibille Attar was born in rebro, Sweden on 27 November 1981. She is a French singer, songwriter and producer.
Little Red Corvette is the alias of Sibille Attar, who was born in rebro, Sweden and started performing in 2001.
The AMA Computer University is an ICT university in Quezon City, Philippines. It is known for being the first such university in the Philippines and in Asia.
AMA Computer University in the Philippines is owned by the AMA Group of Companies.
MacCallum Grant was preceded by James Robson Douglas. He was born in 1876 and began his career on January 21st, 1925. He was Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia and served in office until his death in 1934.
James Robson Douglas was Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia and was in office on the 13th.
Sanski Most is a town and municipality in the Una-Sana Canton, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sanski Most is a pushpinMap of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Games-X is a multi-format weekly computer and video game magazine published by Europress in the United Kingdom. It was first published in May 1991.
Games-X is published by Europress in the United Kingdom.
Starhotels is a privately owned hotel chain with 23 hotels located in Italy, Paris, London and New York City. The company is headquartered in Florence.
Starhotels, founded in 1980, is located in Florence, Italy.
Grlom u jagode (The Unpicked Strawberries) is a Yugoslavian TV series which was written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi and рлом у аоде. It was broadcast in 1975.
Rajko Grli wrote Grlom u jagode which was directed by Sran Karanovi.
Carl Atwood Wiley was an American mathematician and engineer. He was born December 30th, 1918 and died April 21st, 1985.
Carl A. Wiley was born in 1918 and died in 1985.
Bandudato has a population of 1426 and a total area of 30.65 square kilometres.
Bandudato, which is part of Aileu, has a population of 1426 and a total area of 30.65 square kilometres.
Bulla Regia is a town in Jendouba, Tunisia.
Bulla Regia is located in Tunisia.
La 78 is located in Parlange, Livonia, La 1 and has a La-US 190 route junction.
Louisiana Highway 78 is located in Parlange, Livonia, Frisco and LA.
Torynorrhina flammea is a beetle belonging to the Scarabaeidae family and the Cetoniinae family.
Torynorrhina flammea belongs to the Scarabaeidae family and the Cetoniinae family.
The Miss Model of the World is an international model contest held in Istanbul, Turkey in 1988. 42 countries are represented at the conference.
The Miss Model of the World is located in Istanbul, Turkey.
Loango National Park is located in Gabon and has an area of 1550. It is the owner of elephants, buffaloes, hippos, leopards, gorillas and extensive panoramas.
Loango National Park is located in Gabon.
The Nemo link is a submarine cable that is 9000 metres long and is located in Belgium.
The Nemo link is a submarine cable located in Belgium.
Blackpool Transport Services Ltd (abbreviated to BTS) is a bus and tram operator in Blackpool, Fylde. Its parent company is Blackpool Borough Council.
Blackpool Transport is owned by Blackpool Borough Council.
Rudbari Konar is a village in the Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. Rudbari Konar has the alias Rdbr Konr and has a population of 243.
Rudbari Konar is a village in Iran which has a population of 243. It is a pushpin map.
Romeo Island is a rocky island located in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Romeo Island is located in Antarctica.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Marlborough Mall is located in Calgary, Alberta.
Mount Solomons is a peak located in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in California, United States.
Mount Solomons is located in California.
The Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority (Rock Region METRO) is a transit agency located in Arkansas.
The Rock Region Metro is operated by the Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority.
William Aberhart High School, located in western Canada, is the owner of the largest youth debate union.
William Aberhart High School is located at 3009 Morley Trail NW in Canada.
Alto Pelado is a village and municipality in San Luis Province, Argentina.
Alto Pelado is from Argentina.
Carla Tortelli was born Carla Maria Victoria Angelina Teresa Apollonia Lozupone Tortelli LeBec. She is a waitress who starred in an American television show with Rhea Perlman.
Carla Tortelli is an American star of Cheers.
Tommy Hill is a British motorcycle road racer who was born in Beckenham, Kent on 9 February 1985.
Tommy Hill was born in Kent.
The image of William Barak is located on the facade of an apartment building in Melbourne, Australia. It is 85 metres high and has the alias Swanston Square. It was taken in 2015.
William Barak was born in Australia and died in Coranderrk.
The municipality was established on 28 August 2006, has a population of 69 and a total area of 14.93 square kilometres.
Olbramov, in the Czech Republic, has a population of 69 and a total area of 14.93 square kilometres.
Zhovkva Raion is a raion in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.
Zhovkva Raion is in Ukraine.
William Friese-Greene was an English inventor and professional photographer. He was born on 7 September 1855 and died on 5 May 1921 at the place of his birth, William Edward Green.
William Friese-Greene was born in Bristol in 1855 and died in London in 1921.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson is the birth name of Matty Rich, who was born on November 26th 1971. He is a film director, screenwriter and video game executive who lives in Brooklyn, New York City.
Matty Rich was born in 1971 as Matthew Statisfield Richardson.
Alfred Flores, who was married to Ester Duenas Flores, died on 6 February 2009 in Malojloj, Guam.
Alfred San Nicolas Flores was born in Inarajan, Guam in 1916. He was married to Ester Duenas and died in Malojloj, Guam in 2009.
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded in 1990 in Genoa. Black Widow is a British progressive rock band.
Black Widow Records is located in Genoa and was founded in 1990.
The Frank Oppenheimer Fellowship Fund is known for supporting the Exploratorium.
Frank Oppenheimer, born Frank Friedman Oppenheimer, is known for the Exploratorium and McCarthyism.
The Hardenbergh House, also known as The Hardenbergh Manor, is a historic home located in Roxbury, Delaware County, New York, United States. It was built in 1790.
Isaac Hardenbergh House was built in 1790.
URL Badman was released on 13 July 2014 and is signed to the record label Parlophone.
URL Badman's record label is Parlophone.
The French Division Spéciale Présidentielle (abbreviated to DSP) is the name of the Special Presidential Division which was founded in 1985. It is an elite military force led by Zairian President Mobutu Sese Seko.
The Special Presidential Division was a military force that was active from 1985 to 1997.
John Augustus Roebling was born Johann August Röbling on June 12th, 1806 in Germany. He was an American civil engineer who died on July 22nd, 1869.
Johann August Röbling was the birth name of John A. Roebling, who was born in 1806 and died in 1869.
Sphinctospermum is a flowering plant belonging to the Faboideae and Fabaceae families.
Sphinctospermum belongs to the Faboideae family and the Fabaceae family.
Theloderma licin, a frog of the order frog, is found in peninsular Malaysia and southern Thailand. It is also known as The Smooth Frog.
Theloderma licin is a frog genus.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born in Ferreafe on 16 June 1862. He was from the Lambayeque region of Peru and died on 28 October 1930.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born in Ferreafe.
The Hefei Urban Rail Transit (also known as the Hefei Metro) is a rapid transit system located in Hefei, China.
The Hefei Metro was opened in 2016 and is located in Hefei, China.
Anton Lindfors is a Finnish snowboarder who competes in snowboard cross. He was born in Porvoo on 22 April 1991.
Anton Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland.
Makhtumkuli Avenue, also known as Magtymguly Avenue, is an avenue located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Makhtumkuli Avenue is located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers (Norwegian: NJFF) is an organization for hunters and sport fishers in Norway. NJFF is the alias for the Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers.
Norwegian is the native language of the Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers which has the alias NJFF.
The Lindi Region is an administrative region in Tanzania.
The Lindi Region is located in Tanzania.
The first of these displays was held in September 1946 at RAF Coleby Grange in Lincolnshire. It was a pushpin map display and featured the only remaining fighter station.
RAF Coleby Grange is located in Lincolnshire and is a pushpin map location.
Samuel Ayscough was born in 1745 in Nottingham and was educated at a free grammar school.
Samuel Ayscough, a British national, was born in 1745 and died in 1804.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani (also known as Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjn) is a village in the Golestan Rural District and the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani is a village in Iran.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a lightweight, all-composite, highly efficient four-seat aircraft made by Pipistrel in Slovenia.
Pipistrel is the manufacturer of the Pipistrel Panthera.
James Ferguson Dowdell was born in Alabama on November 26th, 1818 and died on September 6th, 1871. He was a U.S. Representative and the second president of East Alabama College. His alias was Auburn University and he began his career in 1868.
James Ferguson Dowdell represented Alabama.
Peter Paul Anatol Lieven was born in London in 1960.
Anatol Lieven was born in London.
Mathias Fink is a French physicist and professor at ESPCI Paris. He was born in Grenoble in 1945. He is a member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Mathias Fink was born in Grenoble, France and is a French national.
British film actress Virginia Field was born Margaret Cynthia Field on 4 November 1917 and died on 2 January 1992.
Virginia Field was born in London, England as Margaret Cynthia Field and has Margaret Field Douglas as one of her children.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavské, Czechoslovakia on 11 March 1924. He lives in Humenné.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavské.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi (Persian: , also known as Hvr Kand Qeshlq) is a village in the Central District of Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran. Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi has a population of 65.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi is a village and a settlement in Iran. It has 65 inhabitants and is located on the pushpin map.
French road bicycle racer Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel on 9 October 1930. He started his career in 1951 and ended it in 1957.
Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel.
Eric Kupper is an American and French national. He is a DJ, keyboardist, arranger, songwriter and record producer. He is also a remix artist.
Eric Kupper is a DJ.
Red Marauder is owned by Norman Mason, a horse owner who won The Grand National and is located in Sunderland.
The owner of Red Marauder is Norman Mason.
Zak Orth is an American actor who was born on October 15th, 1970. He has appeared in the series The Baxter, In and Out, Music and Lyrics, Melinda and Melinda and NYC 22.
Adam Zachary Orth, better known as Zak Orth, was born in 1970.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Aventura, Florida and is known as the 16th largest mall in the United States.
Aventura Mall is located in Florida.
Youcca Troubetzkoy (Russian: ри иколаеви руеко) was an American-French actor. He was born on 12 December 1905 and died on 22 April 1992. His aliases were Nicolas Barclay and Youcca Troubetzkov.
Youcca Troubetzkoy, alias Nicolas Barclay, was born in 1905 and died in 1992.
Mount Ikoma is located on the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture in Japan.
Mount Ikoma is located in Japan.
Carol Shields is the author of 2002 and her last novel. She has won the Booker Prize, the 1998 Orange Prize for Fiction, the 2002 Giller Prize and the Governor General of Canada Literary Award.
Carol Shields is a Canadian national who wrote Unless. She started her career in 1972 and ended it in 2002.
Ibaraki Station is a railway station in the city of Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. It is located on the JR Kyoto Line (also known as the Tkaid Main Line) which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company and runs from Kyoto to Osaka.
The JR Kyoto Line passes through Ibaraki, Japan and was opened in 1876.
The Glen Park Formation is a geologic formation in Illinois that is Carboniferous in age.
Glen Park Formation is Carboniferous.
The Hopkins Cottage is located in Saranac Lake, Franklin County, Harrietstown, New York. It was constructed in 1923 and is a rectangular two-story three-bay cure cottage.
Hopkins Cottage was constructed in 1923.
Jane Elizabeth Randall is an American fashion model who was born in Baltimore on August 28th, 1990. She is known for her participation in the fifteenth cycle of where she tied for 3rd overall.
Jane Randall was born Jane Elizabeth Randall in Baltimore.
Arzo is a municipality in Switzerland and is part of the subdivisions of Ticino and Mendrisio.
Arzo is a subdivision of Ticino and Mendrisio in Switzerland.
Labios Compartidos, also known as Shared Lips, is a song by Mana, whose native language is English. The song was released as a single and is part of Mana's seventh studio album, which was released in 2006.
Labios Compartidos is a song by Mana.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips was born in 1884 and died on 10 July 1969. He was a Nigerian national who was the father of Nigerian church music. He was a teacher, composer, conductor and organist.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips was born in 1884 and died in 1969. He was a Nigerian national.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was an American football team that played for the University of California, Los Angeles during the 1955 college football season. They were coached by Red Sanders and were a part of the Pacific Coast Conference. They won the first place award in the conference.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was a member of the Pacific Coast Conference.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena is a Sri Lankan politician who was born on 3 September 1951. He began his career on 9 January 2015 and ended his career on 18 November 2019. He was the President of Sri Lanka and was the seventh president of the country.
Maithripala Sirisena, born Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena, worked as President of Sri Lanka.
Sirisena was married to Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari, the mother of Daham, Dharani and Chathurika.
Maithripala Sirisena, who was married to Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari, was the President of Sri Lanka. He worked as the Minister of Health, the Minister of Defence, the Leader of the House and his alma mater was Kundasale. Maithripala Sirisena's children include Daham, Chathurika and Dharani.
Jozini is an administrative area in the Umkhanyakude District of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
The Jozini Local Municipality is located in the KwaZulu-Natal province.
Longcanoe Lake is a narrow lake in Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.
Longcanoe Lake is located in Ontario, Canada.
Toledo 5's successor is WTVG.
The CW affiliation is part of the program inventory of Toledo 5 which was launched in September 2014 and succeeded by WTVG.
The Arvind Ghosh Memorial Lecture is held in the country of India and the religion is Islamism.
Arvind Ghosh is an Indian national.
Arheilgen is a district in Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany. It was founded in 1937.
Darmstadt-Arheilgen is located in Darmstadt, Germany.
Born on 14 January 1937, Abdool Raouf Bundhun began his career in 2002 and ended it in 2007. He was Vice President of Mauritius.
Raouf Bundhun was Vice President of Mauritius.
53 U.S. Representatives are located in the state of California, which is a conference of the United States House of Representatives.
The California State Senate is located in California.
Andrew Michael Edgar Seeley was born on April 30th, 1982. He is a Canadian-American actor, singer and dancer who worked for the Walt Disney Company.
Drew Seeley was born in 1982, in Toronto, Ontario.
Henry FitzJames, Duke of Albemarle, was born on 6 August 1673 and died on 16 December 1702. He was a child of King James II of England and VII of Scotland and his wife, Arabella Churchill. Both Henry FitzJames and the Duke of Marlborough were children of King James II of England and VII of Scotland.
Born in Middlesex, Henry FitzJames, has the title Duke of Albemarle.
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment is the parent company of TT Games Limited, a British holding company.
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment is the parent company of TT Games.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American physicist who was born on March 12th, 1944. He is a Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University.
Michael Thorpe's nationality is English-American.
Stentorian, located in Bangladesh, is one of the first bands to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country. Aurthohin, Warfaze, Kronic and Rockstrata are also known for being the first and few bands in Bangladesh to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country.
Tanim Sufyani was born in Bangladesh and is a former member of the band Stentorian. He is now an artist for the band Aurthohin.
The Battle of Carbisdale (also known as Invercarron) took place on 27 April 1650 in Culrain, a village in Sutherland, Scotland. The Battle of Carbisdale was part of the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
The Scottish Royalists were the combatants in the Battle of Carbisdale which took place in Culrain, Sutherland, Scotland.
Antenna is the alias of ANT1 Satellite, a popular private network and subscription TV channel located in North America. Founded in 1996, ANT1 Satellite is owned by the ANT1 Group and is based in Greece.
The ANT1 satellite is located in Greece.
Salband is a village in Bazargan District, Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. It has a population of 142 and the alias of Slband is Qeshlq-e Dmn.
The village of Salband, Iran has a population of 142 and is located on the pushpin map.
The Scandinavian Masters is an annual golf tournament that is part of the European Tour and is held in Sweden.
The Scandinavian Masters are held in Sweden.
Major Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset. He was the son of Reverend William Tierney Elton and Lucy Caroline Elton. Sir Charles Abraham Elton, 6th Baronet had children also.
Frederick Cockayne Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset and rests in Whitestaunton.
Italian water polo player Alessandro Nora was born 24 May 1987 and plays for AN Brescia.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian national.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. It has a population of 304 and the alias is Tzeh Kand-e Afshr.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar is a village in Iran with a population of 304 and a pushpin map.
The Suho Memorial Paper Museum (Chinese: ) is a museum about paper in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The Suho Paper Memorial Museum is a museum in Taipei, Taiwan.
Cuando Cubango is a province in Angola. It has a population of 534,002 and an area of 199,049 square kilometres. Its native name is Umbundu and its alias is Kwando Kubango Volupale.
Menongue is part of the Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.
Cuchi, Calai, Cuangar, Dirico, Menongue, Longa, Rivungo, Nancova and Cuito Cuanavale are all part of this province.
Cuchi, Dirico, Mavinga, Cuangar, Menongue and Rivungo are all part of the Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.
Lij Kuh is a village in the Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. Lij Kuh is also known as Lj Kh or Lch Kh and is a pushpin map of Iran.
Lij Kuh is a village and a pushpin map in Iran.
Jaime Boreanaz is an American model and actress who was born on September 23rd, 1975 as Bergman. She was born in January 1999 and won the magazine's Playmate of the Month award.
Jaime Boreanaz is the alias of American national Jaime Bergman, who was born in Utah in 1975.
The California Bowl has the following titles: Ball State, Toledo, Central Michigan, Eastern Michigan, Northern Illinois, Miami and Western Michigan.
The California Bowl has the following titles: UNLV, Ball State, Fresno State, San Jose State, Toledo, Central Michigan, Cal State Fullerton and Miami.
Nanyue (Chinese: ) was born in? and died in 111 BC. Its leader is Zhao Jiande, who has the title of last king.
Zhao Jiande is the leader of Nanyue.
Johann Puch was a Slovene national who was born on 27 June 1862. He was a mechanic and inventor. He died on 19 July 1914. The company Puch is one of the largest vehicle producers in Europe.
Johann Puch was born in 1862 in Sakuak and died in 1914 in Austria-Hungary. Puch is a key person in the history of Puch.
The Battles of Bergisel were four battles fought on Bergisel hill, Innsbruck. The Tyrolese militiamen, the forces of Emperor Napoleon I of France, the contingent of Austrian regular soldiers and the Kingdom of Bavaria were among the combatants.
The Battles of Bergisel took place in Bergisel, Innsbruck. The Tyroleans were a combatant in the Battles of Bergisel, which had a strength of 5,000.
Oliver Fix is a German slalom canoeist who was born 21 June 1973 in Augsburg. He started his career in 1990 and ended it in 1996.
Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg.
Chekmagushevsky District (Russian: екмауевски раон; араириково) is an administrative and municipal district (raion) in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Chekmagushevsky District is located in Russia.
The Tinayguk River is a tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in Alaska, United States. It has an area of 71 km.
The Tinayguk River is in the state of Alaska.
Henry Francis Pankhurst was born in 1803 and died in 1873. He was the father of Margaret Marsden and Richard Pankhurst, who was born in Stoke, Manchester and lives in London.
Richard Pankhurst died in Manchester in 1898.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Uzgen. They play in the Kyrgyzstan League which is the top division in Kyrgyzstan.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen's ground is in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan.
Safina is a political party in Kenya led by Kenyan national He is the vice chairman of the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya.
Paul Muite, a Kenyan national, is a leader of the Safina party.
He is a member of the St Peter's club and is based in Cardiff.
Maurice Turnbull was born Maurice Joseph Lawson Turnbull in Cardiff, Wales.
American basketball player and coach David John Magley was born November 24th, 1959.
Dave Magley, whose birth name is David John Magley, is an American who attended high school in LaSalle.
Lundgren was born in February 2009 and is an artist for the band Queensrche. He is also a member of the band Sledgeback.
Parker Lundgren is an artist for the band Queensrche and is also a member of the band Sledgeback.
Qabed is a village in Rivand Rural District, Central District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. It has 54 inhabitants and the alias Qobeyd.
Qabed is a village in Iran with a population of 54 and a pushpin map.
Cagthorpe is a suburb of Horncastle in Lincolnshire, England.
Cagthorpe is located in the county of Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph S. Chandler was born December 1st, 1861 and died September 18th, 1862. He was a member of the major 114th Pennsylvania Infantry.
The 75th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment was started in 1861 and belongs to the Infantry branch of the military.
The Old Killingly High School is a historic school building located at 185 Broad Street in Killingly, Connecticut. It was constructed in 1908 and is located in the Danielson region.
Old Killingly High School was built in 1908.
Lebanon is the home of the Future Movement, an anti-Syrian group. He was involved in the Syrian Uprising in 2011-2012.
Rifaat Eid was born in Tripoli, Lebanon.
Abbots Bromley School is a coeducational boarding and day independent school for girls located in the village of Abbots Bromley, Staffordshire, England. The school has the alias of "School of S. Mary and S. Anne, Abbots Bromley" and is also known as Abbots Bromley School for Girls.
Abbots Bromley School was founded in 1874 and is located in Staffordshire, England.
Isaac Carasso was born in Ottoman Salonica (modern Thessaloniki, Greece) in 1874 and died on April 1939. His alias was Karasu and he belonged to the Sephardic Jewish Carasso family.
Isaac Carasso was born in Thessaloniki and died in Paris.
Kahriz-e Kalan (also known as Kahrz-e Kaln) is a village in the Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. It has 95 inhabitants.
Kahriz-e Kalan is a village in Iran with a population of 95. The village is located on the pushpin map.
Original Concept : Lina Dorado curated by Luis Cantillo was written by Villegas Editores and is located in Bogotá, Colombia.
Lina Dorado was born in Bogotá in 1975.
Behtarabad (also known as Behtarbd) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran. It has a population of 157.
With a population of 157, Behtarabad is a village and a pushpin in Iran.
Bologna is the place of death for a man who lived in Portugal, Argentina and So Paulo, Brazil.
Dino Grandi was born in Italy and died in Bologna.
Italian politician and Fascist Dino Grandi was born on 4 June 1895 and died on 21 May 1988. His title was 1st Conte di Mordano. He was the minister of justice, the president of parliament and the minister of foreign affairs.
Dino Grandi was born in Mordano, Italy and died in Italy. He was the minister of foreign affairs in office.
Moto Racer was released for the PlayStation and PC.
Moto Racer was released for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation.
Wilson, William and Willy Tieng are siblings of the Tieng family who own the Filipino media company, Solar Entertainment Corporation (SEC).
Tieng family is the owner of Solar Entertainment Corporation.
Kazumi Saeki is a Japanese novelist born in Miyagi prefecture in Sendai.
Kazumi Saeki was born in Sendai.
Robin Simon is a guitarist who played with the band Ultravox in Halifax in the early to mid-1970s. Billy Currie is the current member of Ultravox.
Robin Simon is a former member of the band Ultravox.
Spanish conductor Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona.
Russell Sage was an American financier, railroad executive and Whig politician. He was born in New York on April 4th, 1816 and died on July 22nd, 1906.
Russell Sage lives in the state of New York.
Zimchung is a village in Mangan subdivision, North Sikkim district, Sikkim, India.
Zimchung is part of Sikkim in India.
Dawn Staley began her career in 2006 and is an assistant coach for the USA National team which is in transition.
American Dawn Staley was born in Philadelphia and is a coach for the South Carolina Gamecocks. She started her career in 1996 and ended it in 2006.
Abingdon Glebe House is a historic home in Gloucester County, Virginia. It was constructed in 1700 and is a T-shaped brick house.
Abingdon Glebe House was built in 1700.
Ernest Mamboury died in Istanbul on September 23rd, 1953 and is buried in the Feriköy Protestant Cemetery in the Feriköy district.
Ernest Mamboury was born in Signy-Avenex and died in Istanbul.
Iranian football defender Rahim Mirakhori was born on 30 April 1956. He represented Iran at the 1984 Asian Cup.
Rahim Mirakhori was born in Iran.
Ertzia is a monospecific genus of fungi in the family Lepidostromataceae of the order Lepidostromatales.
Ertzia belongs to the family of Lepidostromataceae and the order Lepidostromatales.
Nimek is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran. Nimek has a population of 82 and is also known by the alias Nmnek.
Nimek is a village in Iran with a population of 82 and a pushpin map.
Chew, a type of bishop, is from Singapore.
Bishop John Chew was born in Singapore.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese automotive engineer and racing driver. He is a key person in the Toyota Supra 4th generation, the Toyota Altezza, the SC 300 and the first generation Lexus IS.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese national.
Han Groo was born in Namyangju in 1992 and began his career in 2011.
Han Groo is a South Korean singer and actress who was born in Min Han-groo on May 29th, 1992.
Makoshika State Park is located in Montana and has a population of 45. Its name is ma-KO-sh (ih ) kuh.
Makoshika State Park is located in Montana.
Ust-Bartaga is a subdivision of Bashkortostan in Russia.
Ust-Bartaga is a rural locality in the region of Karaidelsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia.
Geoff Young is a key person at Prism Leisure Corporation which was founded in 1980 and is located in Enfield, Middlesex, United Kingdom. Prism Leisure Corporation is a distribution and publishing company.
Prism Leisure Corporation was founded in 1980.
Yada Station was opened on April 2 1905.
Yada Station opened in 1905.
Adam Roarke was born August 8th, 1937 as Richard Jordan Gerler. He was an American actor and film director. He died April 27th 1996.
Adam Roarke was born Richard Jordan Gerler in 1937. He died in 1996 in Dallas, Texas.
Get Silly was released on November 13th, 2008 and was awarded Gold by the RIAA.
Get Silly is a single that won Gold.
Jan Six van Chandelier was born in Amsterdam in 1620 and died in Amsterdam in 1695.
Jan was born in Amsterdam in 1620. He was a poet who lived during the Dutch Golden Age. His name was Joannes and he was also known as Johan Six van Chandelier. He was born in France, Spain, Italy and died in Spa in 1695.
Lydiate railway station is located in Lydiate and is served by the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway off Carr Lane.
Lydiate railway station is located in Lydiate.
