White Coppice is a hamlet in the Chorley district of Lancashire, England.
White Coppice is a hamlet in Gloucestershire, England.
Frances Follin Jones (1912-1999) was an American classicist and curator at The Art Museum, Princeton University.
Frances Follin Jones (1912-1999) was an American artist.
Gavin Bishop ONZM (born 1946 in Invercargill) is a New Zealand author and illustrator.
Gavin Bishop was a member of the New Zealand team that won the gold medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Dimasangcay Pundato (born December 21, 1947) is a Filipino Muslim revolutionary leader and undersecretary of the Office of the Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process.
Dimasangcay Pundato (born 1947) is a Filipino businessman and philanthropist.
Kalam Rud (Persian: â, also Romanized as Kalm Rd) is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.
Kalam Rud (Persian: â, also Romanized as Kalm R«d) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Yingyuehu Park Station (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Y«ngyu«ho Zh n) is a station on Line 2 of the Wuxi Metro, opened in 2015.
Yingyuehu Park Station opened in 2015.
The Masters Champions League (MCL) was a Twenty20 international cricket tournament held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates from 2016 to 2019.
The tournament was won by Sagittarius Strikers, who defeated Gemini Arabians in the final to win 2016 Masters Champions League's first Masters Champions League title.
Jacques Kallis is a South African-born Australian professional cricketer who plays as a wicketkeeper-batsman for the Sagittarius Strikers and Libra Legends in South Africa and Australia.
2016 Masters Champions League was contested by the Leo Lions, Libra Legends and Sagittarius Strikers.
The Gemini Arabians defeated the Leo Lions in the final to win 2016 Masters Champions League's first Masters title.
2016 Masters Champions League was held in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates between the Leo Lions, Gemini Arabians, Libra Legends and Sagittarius Strikers.
The 2016 Masters Champions League was a Twenty20 cricket tournament held in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates from 28 January to 13 February 2016.
The tournament was won by the Leo Lions, who defeated the Gemini Arabians, who defeated the Libra Legends, who defeated the Sagittarius Strikers in the final to win 2016 Masters Champions League's second Masters Champions League title, and the Sharjah-based Gemini Arabians, who defeated the Leo Lions in the final.
Opened in 1930, Musashi-Yamato Station is operated by JR Kyushu.
Musashi-Yamato Station opened in 1930.
Daniel Monte McLain (May 11, 1955 - November 8, 1995), better known by his stage name Country Dick Montana, was an American musician from Carmel, California.
Country Dick Montana was born in California in 1983.
Anna Bagriana (Ukrainian: ; born 1981 in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast) is a professor of the Language Institute of Shevchenko National University of Kyiv.
Anna Bagriana was born in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Itamar Rabinovich (Hebrew: â; born 1942) is the president of the Israel Institute (Washington and Jerusalem).
Itamar Rabinovich (Hebrew: â) is a professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi (1963 - 22 September 2014) was an Iraqi human rights activist and lawyer.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi died in Mosul.
Jan Matham (c. 1600, Haarlem - 1648, The Hague) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Jan Matham was born in Haarlem and died in The Hague.
Refuge Capitan Cobbett (Spanish: Refugio Capitn Cobbett) is a refuge on the south side of Cierva Cove in Antarctica.
Cierva Cove (Bulgarian:, romanized: vrah Cierva, IPA: [vrx tirva]) is the ice-covered cove indenting the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the west side of the entrance to the south-west.
Hirafu Station (, Hirafu-eki) is a railway station on the Hakodate Main Line in Kutchan, Hokkaido, Japan.
Hirafu Station is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Hakodate Main Line.
Bluenotes is a Canadian lifestyle clothing retailer founded in 1984.
Bluenotes was founded in 1984 and is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
For the Fallen Dreams is an American hardcore punk band formed in 2003 by vocalist Chris Ash, bassist Andrew Tkaczyk, drummer Aaron Long, and lead guitar player Jim Hocking.
For the Fallen Dreams is an American rock band from Detroit, Michigan, formed in 2003.
Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
John Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Ghazbaniyeh (Persian: â, also Romanized as Ghzbn«yeh) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Ghazbaniyeh (Persian: â, also Romanized as Ghzbn«yeh and Ghzbn«yeh; also known as Ghzbn«) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Diyar-e-Dil (Punjabi, Urdu: â) is a traditional Punjabi folk dance show performed in Lahore, Skardo and Gilgit-Baltistan.
Diyar-e-Dil was filmed in Lahore, Skardo and Gilgit-Baltistan, and was the soundtrack of the film.
Jakob Ritter von Danner (7 August 1865 - 28 December 1942) was a Bavarian general in the Imperial German Army and Reichswehr.
Jakob Ritter von Danner died in Munich.
Trondheim byleksikon (English: Trondheim City Encyclopedia) is an encyclopedia published by Kunnskapsforlaget in Trondheim, Norway, since 1996, edited by Terje Bratberg.
Trondheim byleksikon is an encyclopedia published by Kunnskapsforlaget in Trondheim, Norway.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati (March 10, 1805, in Austria - October 27, 1844, in Florence) was an Italian painter who spent most of his life in England.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Vienna and died in Florence.
Lost Creek Wilderness is located in Jefferson County, Colorado, and is managed by the Colorado Department of Parks and Recreation.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Richard Peter Davis (born December 30, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois, United States) is an American guitarist and bandleader.
Richard Peter Davis was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1969.
Shawn Matheson (born May 6, 1972) is a Canadian former ice sledge hockey player who won two medals with Team Canada.
Shawn Matheson is a member of the Conservative Party of Canada.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships took place between February 28 and March 4, 1967, in Vienna, Austria.
1967 World Figure Skating Championships took place in Vienna, Austria.
Louis Kurihara (, Kurihara Louis, born 6 December 1994) is a Japanese footballer.
Louis Kurihara (Japanese:, Hepburn: Kurihara Louis, born 1994) is a Japanese footballer.
The Alfred Shale is a Devonian period geologic formation in Alfred Station, New York.
The Alfred Shale is a geologic formation of the Devonian period.
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja (born August 13, 1985 in Quito) is an Ecuadorian footballer.
Gabriel Espinosa was born in Quito.
Temple University Medical School is the medical school of Temple University, and the Philadelphia Dental College is the dental school of the University of Pennsylvania.
Temple University is a private liberal arts university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Real Face is a CD single by KAT-TUN.
"Real Face" is a song by Japanese boy band KAT-TUN.
Mtshabezi Mission is a ward in Gwanda District, Matabeleland South, Zimbabwe.
The Mtshabezi Mission is a mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Zimbabwe.
The Gamits are an American rock band formed in 1996.
The Gamits are an American rock band formed in 1996.
Eliezer Kulas (Hebrew: â, born 29 August 1944) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and 1988.
Eliezer Kulas (Hebrew: â, born in Kyzylorda) is a member of the Likud.
Friedrich Funcke was a Kantor of St Johannis, Perleberg, Römstedt, Nossen and Lüneburg.
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Riccardo Ruotolo (November 15, 1928 - August 1, 2012) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as auxiliary bishop and titular bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-San Giovanni Rotondo in Italy.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born in Italy.
Maxim Lemire (born March 30, 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Quebec) is a Canadian footballer who currently plays for FC Trois-Rivières.
Maxim Lemire (born 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Quebec) is a member of the National Assembly of Canada for the riding of Trois-Rivières.
Annalise Murphy won a silver medal at the Rio Olympics and was a grand marshal of the Dublin St Patrick's Day Parade.
Annalise Murphy is a member of the Dublin Sailing Club.
Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos (born Betty Missiego, 16 January 1938 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian-Spanish singer and actress who lives in Spain.
Betty Missiego was born in Lima.
Tianjin Airlines (Chinese: ; pinyin: Tinjn Hngkng) is a Chinese airline headquartered at the Tianjin Binhai International Airport passenger terminal building in Dongli District, Tianjin.
Tianjin Airlines (Chinese: ; pinyin: Tinj«n Jid o) is an airline based in Tianjin, China.
Tianjin Airlines (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Tinj«n Jid o) is an airline based in Tianjin, China, founded in 2009.
Tianjin Airlines (Chinese: ; pinyin: Tinj«n Jid o) is an airline based in Tianjin, China.
Jamila Sanmoogan (born 20 March 1997) is a Guyanese swimmer.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese actress.
James Alan Polster (September 14, 1947 - December 15, 2012) was an American novelist, screenwriter, explorer, journalist, and movie producer.
James Alan Polster (1947 in Cleveland, Ohio - 2012) was an American artist.
The match was won by Leeds United, who beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley Stadium, with goals from St. John and Bremner.
The match was played at Wembley Stadium in London, and saw Liverpool defeat Leeds United 2-1, with goals from St. John and Bremner.
The Sri Lanka Police Academy (SLPA) is a police college in Dehiwala, Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka Police Academy is located in Dehiwala.
Rajaa al-Sanea (Arabic: â; born 1981) is a Saudi writer.
Rajaa al-Sanea (Arabic: â; born 1981 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia) is a Saudi dentist.
Alessandro dal Borro (also Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro dal Borro, Alessandro d'Arezzo, Alessandro
Alessandro dal Borro was born in Arezzo and died in Corfu.
The Battle of Aydn (also known as the Defence of Aydn) was a battle of the Greco-Turkish War (1919-1922) in western Turkey.
The Battle of Aydn (Turkish: Yörük Ali Efe's Battle of Aydn) was a battle fought between the Ottoman Army and the Ottoman Empire in Aydn, Turkey.
The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match between defending champions Boca Juniors and defending champions Bayern Munich to decide the winner of the 2000-01 UEFA Champions League and the 2001 Copa Libertadores.
The match was contested between the winners of the previous season's Copa Libertadores, Boca Juniors, and the runners-up of the 2000-01 UEFA Europa League, Bayern Munich, at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya (Persian: â, also Romanized as Cham Takleh-ye Oly; also known as Cham Takleh-ye Bl) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya (Persian: â, also Romanized as Cham Takleh-ye Oly; also known as Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-ye Bl, Cham Takleh-
Stock Aitken Waterman (also known as SAW) is a British hi-NRG and Eurobeat band.
Stock Aitken Waterman (SAW) is a British hi-NRG and Eurobeat band, formed by Sinitta.
Stock Aitken Waterman's music is a mix of Eurobeat, Hi-NRG, Italo-disco, and Motown.
Stock Aitken Waterman is best known for his collaborations with Bananarama and Sinitta, and for his contributions to the Eurobeat and Hi-NRG genres.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi (Persian: â, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Khosrow«) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi (Persian: â, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Khosrow«) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Johnny Grunge is the pseudonym of Michael Lynn Durham.
Michael Lynn Durham (July 10, 1966 - February 16, 2006) was an American professional wrestler.
Construction of the airport was completed in July 2015 and is owned and operated by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad (MAHB), a subsidiary of the state government of Kelantan.
Sultan Ismail Petra Airport (Malay: Bandar Seri Begawan Sultan Ismail Petra) (IATA: KLE, ICAO: SMKP) is an airport in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The Trois-Rivières Lions were a professional hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
The Trois-Rivières Lions are a professional ice hockey team based in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University (Arabic: â) is a public university in Fez, Morocco, founded in 1975.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University (Arabic: â) is a public university in Morocco.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a member of the National Association of Children's Hospitals, the Florida Association of Children's Hospitals, the Ronald McDonald House, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, the Florida Association of Children's Hospitals, the Children's Miracle Network, the Florida Association of Children's Hospitals, Give Kids the World, and the Children's Miracle Network.
The Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a children's hospital in Orlando, Florida.
Millennium House is a Grade II listed building in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
Millennium House is a residential building in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
Andrejs Grants was a pioneer of photography in Latvia.
Andrejs Grants was born in Riga, Latvia.
Maurizio Ragano (died 1640) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi (1636-1640).
Maurizio Ragano is the Bishop of Fondi.
It Ain't My Fault 2 Ain't My Fault 2 is a CD single by Mystikal and Silkk the Shocker.
Silkk the Shocker is best known for his collaborations with rappers C-Murder and Mystikal.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was a football match between Anderlecht of the Belgian Pro League and Genk of the Belgian Cup.
2013 Belgian Super Cup was won by Anderlecht.
Hamsij (Persian: â, also Romanized as Hamsch) is a village in Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Hamsij (Persian: â, also Romanized as ams«j) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in the Soldier Mountains of Sawtooth National Forest in Camas County, Idaho, United States.
Upper Deadwood Lake is a lake in Boise County in the U.S. state of Idaho.
Hugh Hudson (born 25 August 1936) is an English film director.
Hugh Hudson (born 1936 in London, England) is a British-born English author.
James Ratliff is an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from January 2011 to January 2013, representing Districts 60 and 73.
James Ratliff was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 2011 provincial election, representing the electoral district of 73.
Siim-Sander Vene (born 12 November 1990) is an Estonian professional basketball player for Varese of the LBA.
Siim-Sander Vene was a member of the Estonian Communist Party and a member of the Estonian People's Party.
Velike Brusnice ([elik brusnits]; Slovene: Velike Brusnice) is a mountain in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in northeastern Slovenia.
The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
The Green Wave played 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team's home games at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana, and were members of Conference USA.
The Green Wave played 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team's home games at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana, and were members of Conference USA.
Pir Ahmadlu (Persian: â, also Romanized as Pr Amadl) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Pir Ahmadlu (Persian: â, also Romanized as P«r Amadl«; also known as P«r Amadl«) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Francesco Falconi (born June 26, 1976 in Grosseto) is an Italian fantasy writer.
Francesco Falconi (born in Grosseto) is an Italian football manager and former player.
The Greater New York Councils are a group of Boy Scouts of America (BSA) councils in New York State.
The Greater New York Councils are a group of Scouting councils in New York, United States, based on the Ten Mile River Scout Camps.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is an Indian film director, lyricist and scriptwriter who has worked in Malayalam movies since 1967.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is a member of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK).
Louis-Joseph Moll (August 24, 1816 - August 5, 1872) was a physician and political figure in Quebec.
Louis-Joseph Moll died in Quebec City.
The Wilmot Mansion is a Greek Revival mansion built in 1827 in Bethany, Wayne County, Pennsylvania.
Wilmot Mansion was built in 1827.
Yorkshire Heart Vineyard and Brewery is a winery in Nun Monkton, North Yorkshire, England, founded in 2000 and won a gold medal in the International Wine Challenge Cellar Door of the Year awards.
Nun Monkton is a hamlet in North Yorkshire, England.
Arlene Blum (born March 1, 1945) is an American environmental health scientist, mountaineer, and writer, best known for her work on the Annapurna Expedition.
Arlene Blum (born 1945) is an American mountaineer and the mother of Annalise Blum, the first woman to climb the Annapurna.
Super R-Type is a shooter game developed by Irem for the SNES in 1991.
Super R-Type was developed by Irem for the SNES and Wii.
Benjamin Say (August 28, 1755 - April 23, 1813) was a U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania.
Benjamin Say is a borough in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
Burke Lake Park is a public park in Fairfax Station, Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Burke Lake Park is a public park in Burke, Virginia.
Jean Pasqualini worked as a translator for the British Embassy in Beijing and the U.S. military in Shanghai and Tianjin during the Communist Party takeover of 1949.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Beijing, China, but grew up in France.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Paris, where he studied at the cole nationale suprieure des Beaux-Arts and the cole nationale suprieure des Beaux-Arts, graduating in 1964.
Jean Pasqualini (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Bo Ru3wng; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruowang; Wade-Giles: Laogai; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruowang; Wade-Giles:
Jean Pasqualini died in a Paris hospital in 1997.
Jean Pasqualini (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Bo Ru3wng; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruo-wang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruowang; Wade-Giles: Pao Ruowang; died in Paris in 1997), also known as Laogai, was a
Jean Pasqualini (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Bo Ru3wng; Wade-Giles: Bao Ruowang; born in Beijing, China) is a French-Chinese businessman and philanthropist.
Jean Pasqualini (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Bo Ru3wng; Wade-Giles: Bao Ruo-wa14n; Wade-Giles: Bao Ruo-wa14n; Wade-Giles: Bao Ruo-wa14n; Wade-Giles: Bao Ruo-wa14n; Wade-Giles: Bao Ruowang; born in Beijing, China; died in Paris, France.
Jean Pasqualini (Chinese: ; pinyin: Bo Ru3wng; 1926 - 9 October 1997) was a French-Chinese journalist and political prisoner in the Laogai labor camp system.
Jean Pasqualini (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Bo Ru3wng; 1926, Beijing - 1997, Paris) was a French-Chinese-French writer.
Teikyo School United Kingdom is a Japanese international boarding school in Wexham, South Bucks, England.
Wexham is a hamlet in the South Bucks district of Buckinghamshire, England.
Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground in St Cross, Hampshire, England, owned by St Cross Symondians Cricket Club.
Green Jackets Ground is a cricket ground in Winchester, Hampshire, England.
Thomas Edmondson (30 June 1792, Lancaster, England - 22 June 1851, Manchester, England) was a railway engineer and inventor who invented the Edmondson railway ticket.
Thomas Edmondson (c. 1792 - 1851), born in England, was a merchant and philanthropist in Manchester, England.
Simon Dach was born in Königsberg, Prussia, the son of a Prussian nobleman.
Simon Dach was born in Klaipda and died in Königsberg, Prussia.
Mont Albert railway station is located on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia, and opened in 1890.
Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough (born May 4, 1961 in Van Nuys, California) is the mother of actress Mary Elizabeth McDonough.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born in California in 1961.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the fifth season of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was the first season of the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies (PAR) is a non-profit organization based in Denver, Colorado.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies (PAR) is a non-profit organization based in Denver, Colorado.
Susana Campos (August 31, 1934 - October 16, 2004) was an Argentine actress.
Susana Campos (1934-2004) was an Argentine actress.
Irving "Irv" Kupcinet (July 31, 1912 - November 10, 2003) was an American radio personality, television talk-show host, and newspaper columnist from Chicago, Illinois.
Irvin "Irv" Kupcinet (1912-2003) was an American football and basketball player and coach from Chicago, Illinois.
Susan Lynn Gordon (July 27, 1949 - December 11, 2011) was an American child actress.
Susan Lynn Gordon (1949-2011) was an American author.
20 Fingers is an American hip hop producer and artist.
20 Fingers is the stage name of Max-A-Million, an American hip hop artist active between 1994 and 1995.
Born in Batumi, Avtandil Makharadze studied acting at Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi.
Valovoy Kordon (Russian: ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Uglovsky District, Altai Krai, Russia.
Valovoy Kordon (Russian: ) is a rural locality (a village) in Kudymkarsky District, Perm Krai, Russia.
Cvetanovac is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Cvetanovac (Serbian Cyrillic: ) is a village in the municipality of Ljig, Serbia.
Marmaris National Park (Turkish: Marmaris niversitesi) is a national park in Mula Province, Turkey, established in 1996.
Marmaris National Park is located in the district of Köyceiz.
Bernhard Schott (10 August 1748 - 26 April 1809) was a music publisher in Mainz, Germany, founded in 1770 by Bernhard Schott.
Schott Music was founded in 1770 and is one of the oldest music publishers in Germany.
Shoaib Khan (Urdu: â; born April 13, 1985 in Bostan, Punjab, Pakistan) is a Pakistani first-class batsman who plays for Quetta Bears.
Shoaib Khan is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Nathan Luke West (born September 29, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and actor.
Nathan Luke West (born 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Hendrik Van Eck Airport (IATA: PHW, ICAO: FAPH) is an airport serving Phalaborwa, Limpopo, South Africa.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport (IATA: PHW, ICAO: ZAPHW) is an airport serving Phalaborwa in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
Jzsef Vandor Puchner (29 October 1909 - 8 October 1979) was a Hungarian Roman Catholic priest.
Joseph Vandor (1909-1979) was a Belgian footballer.
J3zsef Wech (born 29 October 1909 in Dorog, Austria-Hungary) was a Hungarian-German farmer and the father of J3zsef Wech, the first Prime Minister of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Joseph Vandor (born 1909 in Dorog, died 1979) was a Belgian footballer.
NSB Di 2 was built between 1954 and 1957 by Thune and Maschinenbau Kiel.
NSB Di 2 was built by Thune in 1954.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality located in the province of vila, Castile and León, Spain.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
"Everybody Is a Star" is a 1969 song written by Sylvester Stewart and produced by Sly and the Family Stone.
Everybody Is a Star was released in December 1969 as the first single from the album The Stars.
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverlodge Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sven Gunnarsson (Swedish: [svn nsn]; born 1636) was the forefather of Sven Svensson, the founder of the colony of New Sweden.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Heinrich Brunner (21 June 1840 in Wels, Upper Austria - 11 August 1915) was a German historian.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels.
The Myanmar Peace Centre (Burmese: ; abbreviated MPC) is a non-governmental organization based in Yangon, Myanmar.
Myanmar Peace Centre (Burmese: ) is a non-governmental organisation based in Yangon, Myanmar.
Thomas Van Hamme (born 10 February 1969) is a Belgian radio and TV moderator for the Walloon Broadcaster RTBF in Belgium.
Thomas Van Hamme (born 1969 in Belgium) is a Belgian artist.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the University of Georgia as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA) during the 1920 college football season.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the Georgia Bulldogs of the University of Georgia during the 1920 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season.
The road connects Batu Caves in Selayang to Gombak.
Jalan Batu Caves runs from Selayang to Gombak.
FL Studio Mobile 2 was developed by Artua and Image-Line, while FL Studio Mobile 3 was developed by Image-Line.
FL Studio Mobile is the mobile version of Image-Line's FL Studio software.
The Young Survival Coalition (YSC) is an international organization founded in 1998 by three young women with breast cancer in New York City.
The Young Survival Coalition (YSC) is a non-profit organization founded in 1998.
The Ivory Sands House is a transitional Federal-Greek Revival house located at 145 Elm Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts, built in 1839.
Ivory Sands House was built in 1839.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem in 1670 and died in Amsterdam in 1683.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem and died in Amsterdam.
John Almond (29 July 1946 - 18 November 2009) was a British saxophonist, best known for Johnny Almond's recordings with Fleetwood Mac, Mark-Almond, and Alan Price Set.
Mark-Almond is an American rock band formed by Johnny Almond.
The King Pedro IV Square (Portuguese: Praça de D. Pedro IV) is a square in Lisbon, Portugal.
Rossio Square (Portuguese: Praça Rossio) is a square in Lisbon, Portugal.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a World War I local operation fought between three divisions of the British Second Army and three divisions of the German 4th Army in the Ypres Salient in Belgium in 1916.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel (French: Bataille du Mont Sorrel) was a battle of the First World War fought near Ypres, Belgium.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen (born 1949) is a Sint Maarten educator and politician who served as Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2014 to 2015.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen is the Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States, along the Mississippi River.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States.
Barnes Reeves Eason Jr. (November 19, 1914 - October 25, 1921) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
B. Reeves Eason Jr. (1914-1921) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence (28 July 1923 - 21 April 2009) was an Indian educationalist from Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu.
Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence (1923, Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu - 2009, Chennai, Tamil Nadu) was an Indian philanthropist and philanthropist.
Qiu Fazu Square (Chinese: ; pinyin: Qi« Fz« Zh n) is a square in Wuhan, Hunan, China, which is home to the Tongji Medical College and Huazhong University of Science and Technology.
Qiu Fazu was born in Hangzhou and died in Wuhan.
Moseyev Pochinok (Russian: ) is a rural locality (a village) in Mardengskoye Rural Settlement of Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Moseyev Pochinok (Russian: ) is a rural locality (a village) in Kudymkarsky District, Perm Krai, Russia.
Spacetime Studios is an American games development studio founded in 2005 by Gary Gattis, Cinco Barnes, Anthony L. Sommers, and Jake Rodgers in Austin, Texas.
Spacetime Studios was founded in 2005 and is based in Austin, Texas.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
The Garlton Hills Volcanics is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Scotland.
In 2008, Yazawa signed a record deal with Garuru Records.
Eikichi Yazawa was signed to Garuru Records in Japan in 1975.
Green Bay Packers compete in the Western Conference with the Baltimore Colts.
The Green Bay Packers defeated the Baltimore Colts in the championship game to win 1965 NFL playoffs's first playoff championship in franchise history.
Animazement was a music festival held in 1998 at the North Raleigh Hilton in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Animazement is an annual anime convention held at the Raleigh Convention Center and the Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Little Joe 1A was an unmanned rocket launched by NASA on November 4, 1959.
Little Joe 1A was a NASA Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, in British Columbia, Canada.
Delluc died in Paris in 1924.
Louis Delluc (1890 - 1924) was a French footballer who played as a forward for Paris Saint-Germain.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague.
Hoosiers is a 1986 American made-for-television comedy-drama film starring Gene Hackman and based on the fictitious Hickory High School in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Bobby Plump played college football at the University of Milan.
Martial Outlaw is a 1993 American martial arts film directed by Kurt Anderson, written by Thomas Ritz, produced by Pierre David, and starring Jeff Wincott, Gary Hudson, and Richard Jaeckel.
Martial Outlaw was directed by Kurt Anderson and written by Pierre David and Thomas Ritz.
The Tar Heels compete in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and the Coastal Athletic Conference (CACC).
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team represents the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and the Coastal Athletic Conference (CACC).
Rangra is a village in Nakodar Tehsil in Jalandhar District of Punjab State, India.
Rangra is a village in the Nakodar district of Gujarat, India.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien (October 1, 1877 - January 17, 1967) was the founder of the Sainte-Justine Children's Hospital.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien (1877-1967) was a French-Canadian artist who lived and worked in Montreal.
Tianshili Station (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: T­nshl­ Zh n) is a station on Line 3 of the Tianjin Metro, opened in 2012.
Tianshili Station opened in 2012.
Mary Marg Helgenberger (born November 16, 1958) is an American actress, best known for her role as the title character on the NBC soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Marg Helgenberger (born Mary Marg Helgenberger, 1958-1982) is a German actress.
Mount Pippu (, Pippu-dake) is a volcano in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains, Hokkaid, Japan.
Mount Pippu (, Pippu-dake) is a volcano in Hokkaid, Japan.
Henrik Fig is a Danish football midfielder who has played for clubs in Denmark, Germany and the United States.
Henrik Fig was born in Denmark.
Pinhou is a village in Montagnes District, Bangolo Department, Gumon Region, Ivory Coast and a sub-prefecture of Kahin-Zarabaon.
Pinhou is a village in the Kahin-Zarabaon department of Ivory Coast.
The Yorkshire Jets are a netball team based in Leeds, Yorkshire, England.
The Jets are coached by Anna Carter and play Yorkshire Jets's home games at the Yorkshire Stadium.
The main building of Moscow State University (Russian: ) is a skyscraper in Moscow, Russia, with a height of 240 metres.
The main building of Moscow State University (Russian: ) is the main building of the Moscow State University (MSU) in Moscow, Russia, located on the site of the former Messeturm.
Franz Christian Gau (15 June 1790, Cologne - January 1854, Paris) was a German architect and archaeologist.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne and died in Paris.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was an infantry regiment of the Continental Army, raised in 1776.
7th Maryland Regiment served in the American Revolutionary War from 1776 to 1783.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College (Bengali: ) is a private medical school in Dhaka, Bangladesh, established in 2013.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is one of the oldest medical colleges in Bangladesh.
Carla Juri (born January 2, 1985) is a Swiss actress.
Carla Juri (born 1985) is an Italian actress.
Urumqi Air (Chinese: ) is a low-cost airline based in Ürümqi, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
Urumqi Air's main base is Ürümqi International Airport.
Mohamad Isaq (Tamil: ) is an Indian film producer and director who works in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam cinemas under the banner of Kollywood.
Agadam was written and directed by Mohamad Issack.
Varano Borghi is a town and municipality in the province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.
Varano Borghi is a comune (municipality) in Lombardy in the northern Italian region of Lombardy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Bologna.
During Nicolae Xenopol's career, Xenopol served as ambassador of Romania to Japan, the United States, and the United Kingdom.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia, and died in Tokyo, Japan, in 1917.
During Nicolae Xenopol's career, Xenopol served as ambassador of Romania to Japan, the United States, and the United Kingdom.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia and died in Tokyo, Japan in 1917.
Harlow Town is a railway station on the West Anglia Main Line in Harlow, Essex, England.
Harlow Town railway station is a station on the West Anglia Main Line in Harlow, Essex, England, opened in 1842.
Beeson was born in Oxford, England on 10 February 1889, the son of William Beeson and Rose Eliza Beeson.
Cyril Beeson (1889-1975) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Oxford United.
Marion McCorry (born October 10, 1945) is an American film and television actress.
Marion McCorry (born 1945) is an American author.
Sumiko Sakamoto (, Sakamoto Sumiko, born November 26, 1936 in Osaka, Japan) is a Japanese actress.
Sumiko Sakamoto (, Sakamoto Sumiko) is a city located in Aomori Prefecture, Japan.
Victor Valley High School is a public high school in Victorville, California, United States.
Victor Valley High School is a public high school in Victor Valley, California.
Founded in 1899, Kearns-Saint Ann School is one of the oldest schools in Utah.
Kearns-Saint Ann Catholic School is a private, Roman Catholic school in Kearns, Utah, founded in 1899.
Manning Island (Bulgarian:, romanized: ostrov Manning, IPA: [strof mnn]) is the ice-covered island lying 2 kilometres (1.2 nmi) east of the west side of the entrance to the mouth of the Manning Glacier, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.
Manning Island (Bulgarian:, romanized: ostrov Manning, IPA: [strof mnn]) is the ice-covered island lying 2 kilometres (1.2 nmi) east of the west side of the entrance to the mouth of the Manning Glacier, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.
Callum Hawkins (born 22 June 1992) is a British distance runner who specialises in the marathon.
Callum Hawkins is a British footballer who plays as a defender.
Callum Hawkins (born 22 June 1992) is a British distance runner who competed in the marathon at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Callum Hawkins (born in Elderslie, Scotland) is a British footballer who plays as a defender for Butler University.
A graduate of Butler University and the University of the West of Scotland, He is a former track and field athlete who won a silver medal in the 4  100 m relay and a bronze medal in the 4  100 m relay at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics and a bronze medal in the 4  100 m relay at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics.
Born in Elderslie, Scotland, Hawkins attended Butler University and the University of the West of Scotland, where Callum Hawkins played for the British national team.
Jalal Khoury (28 May 1933 in Beirut - 3 December 2017) was a Lebanese comedian, playwright, theatre director and artistic editor.
Jalal Khoury was born in Beirut.
Ramiro died in Oviedo on 1 February 850, and was buried in the Cathedral of San Salvador, Oviedo, the Pantheon of Asturian Kings and the Santa Mara del Naranco.
Ramiro I of Asturias was married to Paterna of Oviedo.
Vorpostenboot was a World War II air battle between a Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Bristol Beaufighter aircraft of 404 Squadron and a Norwegian Air Force (Norwegian: Norsk Air Force) fighter squadron based at Skaggerak off Justy, Norway.
The first ship to be sunk was Vorpostenboot.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II (January 26, 1814, Quebec City - August 11, 1871, Montreal) was a Canadian composer, organist and music educator.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II died in Montreal.
Zerre is the second studio album by Replikas, released in November 2008 by Peyote Music.
Zerre is an EP by Replikas, released on the Peyote label.
Benjamin Brooks Thomas (November 28, 1931 - February 5, 2010) was an American lawyer and executive at Harper & Row.
Brooks Thomas (1931 - 2010) was an American artist.
Small Town Sheriff is a silent animated short subject produced by Paul Terry for Aesop's Fables film series.
Small Town Sheriff was produced by Paul Terry at Fables Studios.
Sylvia Morales (born 1943 in Phoenix, Arizona) is a Mexican-American film director, producer, editor, and writer.
Sylvia Morales was the first Mexican-American to earn a Ph.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and the first Mexican-American to receive a Ph.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American film and television actress who graduated from UCLA in 1971 with a B.F.A.
Sylvia Morales is a recipient of the Rockefeller Fellowship Award in media and the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women.
Carolyn is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist who was signed to Reunion Records in 1995.
Carolyn Arends was signed to Reunion Records in 1995 and signed to Signpost Music in 1996.
"Pour Lui" is a farewell song written and performed by Pour Lui between 2009 and 2018.
Pour Lui is a French rock band formed in 2009.
Abdul Satar Sirat (Arabic: â) (born 2001) is an Afghan footballer who plays as a defender for the Afghanistan national team.
Abdul Satar Sirat is a member of the National Assembly of Afghanistan.
Keydan (Persian: â, also Romanized as Keydn and Kheydn) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Keydan (Persian: â, also Romanized as Keydn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Born in Ravenna, Caidi started Kadir Caidi's career with A.C. Cesena.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna.
Universal Engineering College is a private engineering college located in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur District, Kerala, India.
Universal Engineering College is an engineering college located in Irinjalakuda, Kerala, India.
Gerran Lyn Howell (born 25 February 1991) is a Welsh actor, director, writer and producer, best known for his role as Vladimir Dracula in the CBBC television series Dracula.
Gerran Lyn Howell (born 1991 in Wales) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a defender.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute (Persian: â) is a village and company town in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute (Persian: â - Mojtame-ye Dar Frght) is a village and institute in Faraghat Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute (Persian: â) is a village in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute (Persian: â, also Romanized as Dar Frght Agricultural Institute; also known as Dar Frght) is a village and company town in Faraghat Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.
Alberto Sordi (June 15, 1920 - February 24, 2003) was an Italian actor, voice actor, comedian, director, screenwriter and composer.
Alberto Sordi (Rome, 1920 - Rome, 2003) was an Italian artist.
Gastone Moschin (born 1929) is an American businessman and philanthropist.
Gastone Moschin (8 June 1929 - 4 September 2017) was an Italian stage, television and film actor.
The Muri Dam (, Muri damu) is a dam in Muri, Hokkaid, Japan, completed in 1980.
The Muri Dam (, Muri damu) is a dam in Muri, Hokkaid, Japan, completed in 1980.
The BMW 1 Series is a subcompact executive car (C-segment) produced by BMW since 2004.
The BMW 1 Series is a mid-size luxury car produced by the German automaker BMW.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu (Persian: â, also Romanized as Mazraeh-ye Psh) is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu (Persian: â, also Romanized as Mazraeh-ye P«sh«; also known as Mazraeh-ye P«sh« and Mazraeh-ye P«sh«) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Petralia Sottana is a town in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, Italy.
Petralia Sottana is a village in Sicily, Italy.
Fort Portal Hospital is a public hospital owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health and operated by Regional Referral Hospitals.
Fort Portal Hospital is a hospital in Kampala, Uganda.
Carlo Broglia (16 September 1552, Chieri, Italy - 20 November 1592, Turin, Italy) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Pope Clement VIII's second Archbishop of Turin.
Carlo Broglia was born in Chieri, Italy and was Archbishop of Turin.
The Shakshuka System (Hebrew: â) is a 2008 Israeli investigative journalist and documentary film directed by Ilan Abudi.
The Shakshuka System (Hebrew: â) is a film directed by Ilan Abudi.
Dinghurst fort is an Iron Age univallate hillfort near Churchill, Somerset, England.
Dinghurst fort is a fortification in Somerset, England.
The Pair Dadeni (Welsh: "The Cauldron of Rebirth") is a magical cauldron in Welsh mythology, the second branch of the Mabinogi.
The Cauldron of Rebirth, also known as Pair Dadeni or The Cauldron of Rebirth, is a fictional character appearing in Japanese manga and anime.
Pair Dadeni (The Cauldron of Rebirth) is a fictional character created by Bendigeidfran and Efnisien.
The Pair Dadeni (Welsh: "The Cauldron of Rebirth") is a magical cauldron in Welsh mythology and literature.
Pair Dadeni (Welsh: [p d ni]; Welsh: [p d ni]) is a Welsh cult of the Matholwch (Welsh: [p d ni]).
Pair Dadeni (Welsh for "The Cauldron of Rebirth"), also known as the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth, the Cauldron of Rebirth
Yamakawa Kikue () was the first female literary magazine in Japan from 1915 to 1916, and a leading voice in the debate on the abolition of prostitution.
Yamakawa Kikue (, Yamakawa Kikue) was a samurai of the Sengoku period in Japan.
TsudaJuku University (, TsudaJuku Daigaku) is a private women's college in Tokyo, established in 1908.
Yamakawa Kikue was born and died in Tokyo, Japan.
Ilija Krstevski (Macedonian: ; born 21 February 1993) is a Macedonian handball player for PIF and the Macedonian national team.
Ilija Krstevski (Macedonian: ) is a Macedonian football manager and former player.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie [nvin krkfsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
The Duke Blue Devils football team represents Duke University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season at Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team represented Duke University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season and played 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team's home games at Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina.
The Blue Devils compete in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and play home games at Wallace Wade Stadium.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team represented Duke University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and played their home games at Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina.
Kirchzarten Airfield (German: Flugplatz Kirchzarten) is an unpaved airfield in Kirchzarten, a suburb of Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Kirchzarten Airfield (German: Flugplatz Kirchzarten) is a former World War II military airfield near Kirchzarten, a suburb of Freiburg, Germany.
Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1933.
Rafael Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel in 1973.
Petru Poni (4 January 1841 - 2 April 1925) was a Romanian chemist and mineralogist.
Petru Poni ([pete poni]; 1841, Săcărești - 1925, Iași) was a Romanian Roman Catholic bishop.
Brooke Langton (born November 27, 1970) is an American actress.
Brooke Langton (born 1970 in Arizona) is an American author of children's books since 1992.
Giovanni De Agostini was an Italian geographer, born in Rome, Italy, in 1901.
De Agostini was founded in 1901.
Roncesvalles Pass (1057 m) is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees in Spain.
The Pass of Roncesvalles (Spanish: Paso de Roncesvalles) is a mountain pass in Spain.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is a national monument administered by the National Park Service in the Four Corners region of the U.S. state of Arizona and the Navajo Nation.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is a national monument in the U.S. state of Arizona.
Tabayin Township (Burmese: ) is a township of Shwebo District in the Sagaing Division of Burma.
Tabayin Township (Burmese: ) is a township of Tabayin District in the Kachin State of Burma.
The S. Curtis Smith House is a historic 2-1/2 story wood frame house built in 1883 in Newton, Massachusetts.
S. Curtis Smith House was built in 1883.
Yves Mondesir (born October 12, 1975), better known by his stage name DJ Whoo Kid, is an American-Haitian hip hop DJ.
DJ Whoo Kid is a member of the hip hop group G-Unit.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town near Düsseldorf.
Paul Joseph Goebbels (born in Rheydt, Westphalia) is a former Chancellor of Germany.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born on 29 October 1897 in Rheydt, an industrial town near Düsseldorf.
Paul Joseph Goebbels (born in Rheydt; died in Berlin) was Chancellor of Germany in 1933.
The Normals's debut album, The Normals, was released in 2002 by ForeFront Records and earned them two GMA Dove Award nominations.
The Normals are an American rock band formed in 1998 and disbanded in 2002.
Wildparkstadion is a football stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Wildparkstadion is a multi-use stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Sorkh Geriveh (Persian: â, also Romanized as Sorkh Gerveh) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Sorkh Geriveh (Persian: â, also Romanized as Sorkh Ger«veh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh (Persian: â, also Romanized as eydarbd-e Meyheh) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh (Persian: â, also Romanized as eydarbd-e Meyheh; also known as eydarbd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Ben T. Reyes (born February 16, 1947 in Burton, Texas) is a Mexican American businessman and philanthropist based in Denver Harbor, Houston, Texas.
Ben Reyes currently resides in Houston, Texas.
Claudia Romani (born April 14, 1982 in L'Aquila, Italy) is an Italian actress.
Claudia Romani (born in L'Aquila, Italy) is an Italian model.
Great Central Mines Limited was formed on 19 December 1996 from the merger of Great Central Mines NL (GCML) and Great Central Mines Limited (GCML).
Great Central Mines NL was a Dutch mining company.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is a Group 3 road bicycle race held annually in Baden-Baden since 1998.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is a Group 3 motor race held annually in Baden-Baden, Germany.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla (Persian: â, also Romanized as Kaleh Qa£r-e Sofl) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, Zagros District, Chardavol County, Ilam Province, Iran.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla (Persian: â, also Romanized as Kaleh Qr«b-e Sofl; also known as Kaleh Qr«b-e P«n) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
"Tears in Heaven" was re-recorded as a pop version of "Wind of Time".
"If Only", "Tears in Heaven" and "Pop Version" were released as singles by Loona.
Michael Berenbaum (Hebrew: â; born July 31, 1945 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American rabbi, writer, filmmaker, professor, and scholar of the Holocaust.
Michael Berenbaum (born 1945) is an American scholar of Judaism.
Padiham is a small town and civil parish on the River Calder in Lancashire, England.
Padiham is a hamlet in Lancashire, England.
Gol-e Darakht (Persian: â, also Romanized as Gol-e Darakht) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, Meyghan District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.
Gol-e Darakht (Persian: â, also Romanized as Gol-e Darakht; also known as Gol Darakht) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Born in Oxfordshire, Watkins was educated at Abingdon School and Durham University, where he studied Natural Sciences.
Nathaniel Watkins was born in Oxfordshire.
Vaikule (born 31 March 1954 in Csis, Latvia) is a Latvian football manager and former player.
Laima Vaikule (born 1954 in Csis, Latvia) is a Latvian actress.
Salomone Guillaume-Nicolas-Louis Leclercq (15 November 1745 - 2 September 1792) was a French Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Paris during the French Revolution.
Salomone Leclercq (1745 - 1792, Paris) was a French engraver.
Al-Bab District (Arabic: â) is a district of the Aleppo Governorate, Syria.
Al-Bab District (Arabic: â) is a district of the Syrian Arab Republic.
Caeciliusetae is a family of flies in the order Psocomorpha and the suborder Psocoptera.
Caeciliusetae is a family of flies in the order Psocomorpha and the suborder Psocoptera.
Pocci was a German painter, composer, poet, dramatist, and director of the Munich Marionette Theatre.
Count Franz Pocci (German: Franz Graf von Pocci) was a German computer programmer and the founder of Kasperl, a free and open-source software project based in Munich.
Khandoli Dam is an earthfill dam on Khandoli River in Jharkhand, India.
Khandoli Dam is a dam in Giridih, Jharkhand, India.
Aghjeh (Persian: â, also Romanized as ghjeh) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.
Aghjeh (Persian: â, also Romanized as ghjeh; also known as ghjeh-ye Bl) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
The Jerusalem Lions (Hebrew: â), also known as the Jerusalem Kings (Hebrew: â), were a dynasty of Israelite warriors who fought in the Second Temple period.
The Jerusalem Kings (Hebrew: â) were a dynastic dynasty based in Jerusalem.
Mount Keltie (2,640 metres) is an ice-covered peak in the Conway Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Mount Keltie is a peak in Antarctica.
The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team represents Mississippi Valley State University in Itta Bena, Mississippi and competes in the Southwestern Athletic Conference at the Harrison HPER Complex.
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball compete in the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Roberto Car (born 3 January 1947 in Trieste, Italy) is an Italian physicist specializing in molecular dynamics.
Roberto Car was born in Trieste.
An account of the life of Ubbo Emmius was written by Nicolaus Mulerius in 1638 and published in Groningen in 1630.
Nicolaus Mulerius was born in Bruges and died in Groningen.
The Old Pike Inn is a historic two-story brick tavern built in 1840 in New Albany, Floyd County, Indiana.
Old Pike Inn was built in 1840.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Canadian cricketer who played for the Canadian national team.
Sunil Dhaniram was born in Guyana and grew up in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic home built in 1870 in Jerusalem, Yates County, New York.
Sill Tenant House was built in 1870.
Eide Church (Norwegian: Eide kirke) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Eide Municipality in Vestland county, Norway.
Eide Church (Norwegian: Eide kirke) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Hustadvika Municipality in Mre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Born in Brooklyn, New York in 1942, Gotkin attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn, New York, where Hy Gotkin won the National Invitational Tournament (NIT) championships as a senior, and played college basketball at St. John's University.
Hy Gotkin was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1944.
Hyman "Hy" Gotkin (August 16, 1922 - April 11, 2004) was a Jewish American professional basketball player who attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn, New York.
Hy Gotkin (born 1944 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American artist.
Qareh Bater (Persian: â, also Romanized as Qareh Bţer) is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.
Qareh Bater (Persian: â, also Romanized as Qareh Bter; also known as Qareh Bter) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft was founded in 1926 as a cooperative between the Bremen-based AG Weser and the Bremen-based Deschimag.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau was founded in 1926 in Bremen, Germany.
Naathan Phan (born August 20, 1988) is a Vietnamese-American comedian, actor, singer, magician, and internet personality.
Naathan Phan (Thai:, born 1988) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a defender.
Veliki Kozjak (Serbian Cyrillic: ) is a mountain cliff in the Dalmatian Zagora region of Croatia.
Veliki Kozjak is a village in Croatia.
Jean Courtecuisse (1350, Le Mans - 4 March 1423, Geneva) was a French theologian and bishop of Paris.
Jean Courtecuisse died in Geneva.
The Mahindra Thar is an SUV and off-road Jeep CJ produced by the Indian automaker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd.
The Mahindra Thar is a mid-size SUV produced by Mahindra in India.
Humberto Martins Duarte (born April 14, 1961) is a Brazilian actor.
Humberto Martins Duarte (born 1961) is a Brazilian football manager and former player.
Tatjana Wood (born Tatjana Weintraub in Darmstadt, Germany) is an American comic book artist and colorist.
Tatjana Weintraub was born in Darmstadt, Germany.
SnOasis is a ski centre in Great Blakenham, Hampshire, England, opened in 2004.
Great Blakenham is a village in Suffolk, England.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
The 11th Street Bridge in Tulsa, Oklahoma was built in 1915 and spans the Arkansas River.
11th Street Bridge was built in 1915.
The Franciscan Order (German: Franziskanerorden) was a Latin school founded in 1488 in Dorsten, Westphalia, and refounded in 1642.
Gymnasium Petrinum Dorsten was founded in 1642 in Dorsten.
Roger Mathey is an American actor, playwright, filmmaker, producer, and theatrical director based in Los Angeles, Bakersfield, San Francisco, Denver, and Orange County, California.
Roger Mathey lives in California.
Amtrak began operations in 1994.
Opened in 1994, Camarillo station is served by Amtrak's Pacific Coast Line (PCC) and Amtrak's West Coast Line (WCL).
Ada Annie Lawson Rae-Arthur (June 19, 1888 - April 28, 1985), known as Cougar Annie, was a pioneer in the West Coast of Vancouver Island and Hesquiat Harbour, British Columbia, Canada.
Cougar Annie died in 1985.
Richard John Spare (born 1951) is a British artist known for his drypoints, etchings and oil paintings.
Richard Spare (born Richard John Spare) is a British businessman and philanthropist.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet in Lincolnshire, England.
Portland Plaza was designed by DMJM and completed in 1973.
Portland Plaza was designed by DMJM.
In 1959, Walker was appointed Australia's Ambassador to France.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Australia and died in Paris.
Walker served as President of the Council from June 1956 to June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker died in June 1957.
Sir Edward Ronald Walker (26 January 1907 - 28 November 1988) was an Australian diplomat, economist, ambassador to Japan, and Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
Edward Ronald Walker (1907 in Cobar, Australia - 1988 in Paris, France) was a professor at the University of Sydney and the husband of Louise Clementine Donckers.
Bouly de Lesdain was the wife of American explorer Martha Mailey, who was killed in 1975.
Jacques Bouly de Lesdain (1880 in Dunkirk, France - 1975) was the husband of Martha Mailey.
Rocchetta Belbo is a town and municipality in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region of Piedmont.
Rocchetta Belbo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of Turin.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila in 1647.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season as the fourth head coach of the Spartans at Spartan Stadium.
The Spartans played 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team's home games at San Jose State Stadium in San Jose, California.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season as a member of the Mountain West Conference under head coach Ron Caragher at Spartan Stadium.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Mountain West Conference in the West Division of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).
ELSTAT (Greek: ) is a regional statistical office in Piraeus, Greece.
Hellenic Statistical Authority's headquarters are in Piraeus, Greece.
Edward Hospital & Health Services Corporation (EHS) is a major healthcare provider in Naperville, Illinois, a suburban city in DuPage County.
Edward Hospital is a hospital in Edwardsville, Illinois, founded in 1907.
Microsoft released Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 on November 27, 2012.
Windows MultiPoint Server (WMPS) is a Windows-based multipoint server developed by Microsoft.
Born in Nantwich, Cheshire, he died in Leicester.
Frederick Hassall was born in Nantwich, Cheshire and died in Leicestershire.
Alpha Leporis is an F0 Ib supergiant star with a stellar classification of F0 Ib.
Alpha Leporis is classified as a F0 Ib.
Gregory Porter (born November 4, 1971) is an American singer, songwriter, and actor.
Gregory Porter is an American jazz saxophonist, songwriter, and actor.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukrainian: ) is a futsal club based in Donetsk, Ukraine.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk is based in Donetsk, Ukraine.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist who won the Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition in 2005.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz saxophonist.
Leiren or Leira is a village and municipality in Nordland county, Norway.
Leiren (Norwegian) or Leira (Norwegian) is a municipality in Nordland county, Norway.
She was crowned Miss Earth 2004 in Manila, Philippines, as one of the Top 8 Finalists in the grand coronation night.
Tamera Szijarto was born in Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto is a Hungarian-Filipino beauty queen and entrepreneur from the Philippines.
Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto is a Filipina model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Philippines Earth 2004 in Manila, Philippines.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is a Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales, built in 1891.
Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is an RNLI station in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home in Pensacola, Florida.
The King-Hooton House is a historic home located at 301 North Main Street in Gainesville, Florida.
Motion Blur Game Studio is a Turkish video game developer based in Ataşehir, Istanbul, founded in 2004.
Motion Blur was founded in 2004 in Ataşehir, Turkey.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg (1454 - 9 September 1503) was Count of Neuchâtel and Lord of Badenweiler.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg (1454 - 9 September 1503) was Count of Neuchâtel and Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and married Maria of Savoy in Montpellier.
Chobepur is a suburb of Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Naramau is a suburb of Mumbai, India.
Charles Sellier (November 9, 1943 - January 31, 2011) was an American novelist, screenwriter, director, and television producer, best known for creating the American book and television series of the same name.
Charles Sellier (1943-2011) was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist.
Ruan Yang (Chinese: ; pinyin: Ron Yng; born 13 December 1993 in Hangzhou) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Kunshan FC in the China League Two.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou.
Zaven Andriasian (Armenian: ; born March 11, 1989 in Yerevan) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster and World Junior Chess Champion.
Zaven Andriasian was born in Yerevan.
The Fukagawa Route (, Fukagawa-sen) is a 5.3-kilometre (4.3 mi) tolled route of the Shuto Expressway system in the Greater Tokyo Area, running from the Tokyo ward of Ch to the ward of Kt.
The Fukagawa Route (, Fukagawa-sen) is a Japanese national highway that runs from Kt in Fukuoka Prefecture to Fukagawa in Fukuoka Prefecture.
Javanfekr (Persian: â, born 27 February 2012) is the President of the Iran Press and Cultural Institute (IRNA) and the Presidential Advisor of Press Affairs.
Ali Akbar Javanfekr (Persian: â, born in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian IRNA.
Sporobolomyces is a fungal genus in the order Sporidiobolales.
Sporobolomyces is a class of fungi in the order Sporidiobolales, consisting of only one species.
Barnes was one of the founders of the Dublin Naturalists' Field Club in 1913, where he collected specimens of lichen.
Eileen Barnes was born in Dublin, the daughter of Irish immigrants.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Sh nzh n Zhngyu n) is a commercial bank in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Sh nzh n D xu) is a commercial bank in Shenzhen, Guangdong.
Babacar Ba (June 14, 1930 in Kaolack - December 13, 2006) was a Senegalese politician.
Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack.
Otoyol 7 (Turkish: Otoyol 7 or Northern Marmara Motorway) is a toll motorway in Istanbul.
Otoyol 7 (Turkish: Otoyol 7 - Akyaz) is a highway in Istanbul.
Sulichay (Persian: â, also Romanized as Slchy) is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.
Sulichay (Persian: â, also Romanized as S«l«chy) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland, and released her debut single in 2011 on YleX radio station.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland in 2011.
Bridgeton railway station is on the Argyle Line in Glasgow Central, Scotland, and is managed by Abellio ScotRail.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station in Bridgeton, Glasgow, Scotland.
Bridgeton railway station is a railway station in Bridgeton, Glasgow, Scotland, opened in 1895.
The line between Glasgow Green and Rutherglen was opened in 1895 by the Glasgow Central Railway.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrb, within Radomsko County, 3do Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
Shahbag (Bengali: ) is a defunct hotel in Shahbag, Dhaka.
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University is located in Shahbag, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Saraukhola is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
Saraukhola is a village development committee in Sagarmatha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
Davit Harutyunyan (Armenian: ; born March 5, 1963 in Yerevan) is an Armenian politician who served as the deputy minister of justice from 1997 to 1998.
Davit Harutyunyan (Armenian:, born in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is the former Minister of Justice of Armenia.
Ciudad Nueva is a sector (municipality) of Santo Domingo in the Distrito Nacional of the Dominican Republic.
Ciudad Nueva is a city in the Santo Domingo Province of the Dominican Republic.
The University of Tulsa is a public research university in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The University of Tulsa is a public research university in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States.
He was born in Khammam, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Srinivasa Reddy was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Khammam, Telangana in 2001.
The Sheepdogs are a touring performers from Australia, Canada, the UK, Eastern and Western Europe, and the United States.
The Sheepdogs are a Canadian rock band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Sheepdogs are a Canadian rock band from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, formed in 2006.
The Sheepdogs are a Canadian rock band from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, best known for their 2006 album Feeling Good.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party.
N. Y. Hanumanthappa was born in Chitradurga, Karnataka.
Born in Dunkerque, Dourlen was a pupil of Charles-Simon Catel, Benoit Mozin and François-Joseph Gossec at the Paris Conservatory in 1799.
Victor Dourlen died in Paris.
"Your Mirror" is a 1992 song by British soul and pop band Simply Red, written by Mick Hucknall.
Your Mirror was released in July 1992.
The Benguet State University (BSU) is a public university in La Trinidad, Benguet, Philippines.
Benguet State University (BSU) is a public university in Benguet, Philippines.
The Battle of Villarrobledo took place on September 20, 1836, during the First Carlist War.
The Battle of Villarrobledo (Spanish: Batalla de Villarrobledo), also known as the Battle of Villarrobledo (Spanish: Batalla de Villarrobledo), was fought during the Spanish-Spanish War of Independence.
Sir Francis Theodore Page Burt QC (14 June 1918 - 8 September 2004) was an Australian jurist who served as the 11th Governor of Western Australia from 1977 to 1988 and as the 27th Chief Justice of Western Australia from 1988 to 1993.
Francis Theodore Page Burt, QC (11 January 1881 - 11 December 1931) was the 11th Governor of Western Australia and Chief Justice of Western Australia.
Thor Breien (born 9 February 1899, date of death unknown) was a Norwegian judge.
Thor Breien (born 1899, date of death unknown) was a Norwegian footballer.
He died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, on 9 April 1984.
Randal Woollatt was born in Claygate, Surrey and died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College (S6C) is a free school sixth form in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Salisbury Sixth Form College is a sixth form college in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England, founded in 2014.
Joan Carson (born 29 January 1935) is a former unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Joan Carson was born in Enniskillen, Northern Ireland.
The Liverbirds were an English all-female rock band from Liverpool, England, active from 1963 to 1968.
The Liverbirds were an English rock band from Liverpool, formed in 1963 and disbanded in 1968.
Ma Qi (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: M Q«; Wade-Giles: Ma Hsi; Wade-Giles: Ma Hsi; Wade-Giles: Ma Hsi; Wade-Giles: Ma Hsi; Wade-Giles: Ma Hsi; Wade-Giles: Ma Hsi; Wade-Giles: Ma Hsi; Wade-Giles: Ma Hsi; Wade-Giles: Ma Qi; Wade-Giles: Ma Zhongying; Wade-Giles: Ma Qi; Wade-Gile
Ma Qi was born in Gansu and died in Xining, Qinghai.
A weatherboard signal box was built by RailCorp in 1887.
Opened in 1887, Albion Park railway station is operated by RailCorp and NSW TrainLink and is located on the North Coast line in New South Wales, Australia.
The temple is managed by the Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust and is a part of the Kerala Vasthu Vidya.
Palkulangara Devi Temple (Malayalam: ) is a Hindu temple in Palkulangara, Kerala, India, and is administered by the Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
Charles Stewart was the incumbent Member of Parliament (MP) for Jasper-Edson, and the first Premier of Alberta to represent the new Jasper-Edson electoral district.
Walter Frederick Kuhl was a teacher in Jasper-Edson, Alberta.
Gariffa is a village on the banks of the Hooghly River in Kolkata, India, founded in 1791.
Ramkamal Sen was born in Gariffa, West Bengal and died in Kolkata.
Augustusburg is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, in the district of Mittelsachsen.
Augustusburg is an Ortsgemeinde - a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality - in the Mittelsachsen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is an all-through school in Attercliffe, Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is an academy school in Sheffield, England, founded in 2015.
Abraham Vanderveer (1781 - July 21, 1839) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Abraham Vanderveer died in Brooklyn, New York.
Born in Inzell, Bavaria, Johann Ernst Eberlin was educated in Salzburg.
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser was born in Inzell and died in Salzburg.
SC 322 is a Canadian National Scenic Byway in York County, located in Pinckneyville.
South Carolina Highway 322 (SC 322) is a north-south state highway in York County, South Carolina.
South Carolina Highway 322 (SC 322) is a U.S. state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
South Carolina Highway 322 (SC 322) is a north-south state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina that runs from U.S. Route 1 (US 1) in McConnells, South Carolina, to U.S. Route 2 (US 2).
In 1981, Duke Robillard formed the Fabulous Thunderbirds, which released two albums on Rounder Records.
From 1967 to 1990, Duke Robillard was a member of the blues rock band The Blues Brothers, where he played guitar and sang lead vocals.
Clovis West High School is a public high school in Clovis, California, founded in 1976.
Clovis West High School is a public high school in Clovis, California, founded in 1976.
Kaj Skagen (born October 23, 1949 in Strandebarm, Norway) is a Norwegian writer.
Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in Lower Austria.
Hainburg an der Donau is a municipality in the district of Styria in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh was founded in 2015 and has its headquarters in Namchi, South Sikkim.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh is based in Namchi, Sikkim, India.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was held in Sousse, Tunisia from 20 to 29 March 2014.
2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was held in Sousse, Tunisia.
Fletcher Peninsula is a broad ice-covered peninsula in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica.
Fletcher Peninsula (Bulgarian:, romanized: vrah Fletcher, IPA: [vrx fltr]) is the ice-covered peninsula forming the west side of the entrance to the mouth of the Storch Glacier on the west coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Isuzu Philippines Corporation was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Laguna Technopark, Bian, Laguna, Philippines.
Isuzu Philippines, Inc. (Filipino: Isuzu Pilipinas) is a bus manufacturing company founded in 1995 in Bian City, Philippines.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar (Persian: â, also Romanized as Chh-e Amq eşr) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, Mahvelat District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar (Persian: â, also Romanized as Chh-e Am«q er; also known as Chh-e Am«q) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys (Persian: â, also Romanized as Rebd-e Re Veys) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys (Persian: â, also Romanized as Rebd-e Re Veys and Rebd-e Re Veys; also known as Rebd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Sibille Attar (born 27 November 1981 in rebro, Sweden) is a French-Swedish singer, songwriter and producer.
Sibille Attar (born 2001 in rebro, Sweden), better known by her stage name Little Red Corvette, is a Swedish singer and songwriter.
AMA Computer University is the first ICT university in the Philippines and in Asia, located in Quezon City.
AMA Computer University is a private university in the Philippines owned by the AMA Group of Companies.
James Robson Douglas (January 21, 1925 - 1934) was the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
James Robson Douglas was the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
Sanski Most (Serbian Cyrillic: ) is a town and municipality located in the Una-Sana Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sanski Most (Serbian Cyrillic: ) is a village in the municipality of aak, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Games-X is a weekly computer and video game magazine published in the United Kingdom by Europress since 1991.
Games-X was published in the United Kingdom by Europress.
Starhotels is a privately owned hotel chain based in Florence, Italy, with hotels in London, Paris, New York City, and Hong Kong.
Starhotels is a hotel chain founded in 1980 in Florence, Italy.
Grlom u jagode (English: The Unpicked Strawberries) is a Yugoslavian television series directed by Sran Karanovi and produced by рлом у аоде in 1975.
Grlom u jagode was directed by Sran Karanovi and written by Rajko Grli.
Carl Atwood Wiley (December 30, 1918 - April 21, 1985) was an American engineer and mathematician.
Carl A. Wiley (1918-1985) was an American businessman and philanthropist.
Bandudato has a population of 1426 and an area of 30.65 km2.
Bandudato has a population of 1426 and is part of the Aileu municipality.
Bulla Regia (Arabic: â) is a town in Jendouba, Tunisia.
The Bulla Regia (Arabic: â, romanized: B«l r«a; Latin: Bulla Regia; Arabic: â, romanized: B«l r«a; French: Rgion de Bulla) was a Roman province of Tunisia.
La 78 connects La 1 in Livonia with Parlange and La-US 190 in Parlange.
Louisiana Highway 78 (LA 78) is a north-south state highway in the U.S. state of Louisiana that runs from the city of Frisco in the north to Parlange in the south and Livonia in the west.
Torynorrhina flammea is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae, subfamily Cetoniinae.
Torynorrhina flammea is a member of the family Scarabaeidae and the subfamily Cetoniinae.
Miss Model of the World is an international model contest held annually in Istanbul, Turkey since 1988.
Miss Model of the World is held annually in Istanbul, Turkey.
Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon, established in 1550.
Loango National Park is a national park in Gabon.
The Nemo link (Dutch: Nemolink) is a submarine cable that connects the Netherlands and Belgium.
The Nemo link (Dutch: Nemo-Link) is a submarine cable between the Netherlands and Belgium.
Blackpool Transport Services Ltd. (BTS) is a bus and tram operator in Blackpool, Fylde, Lancashire, England, owned by Blackpool Borough Council.
Blackpool Transport is owned by Blackpool Borough Council.
Rudbari Konar (Persian: â, also Romanized as Rdbr Konr) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Rudbari Konar (Persian: â, also Romanized as R«dbr« Konr; also known as R«dbr« Konr) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Romeo Island (Bulgarian:, romanized: ostrov Romeo, IPA: [strof rmo]) is a rocky island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Romeo Island (Bulgarian:, romanized: ostrov Romeo, IPA: [strof rmo]) is the ice-covered island lying 2 kilometres (1.2 nmi) east of the north side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south side of the entrance to the south-east.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping centre in Calgary, Alberta.
Mount Solomons is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of northern California in the U.S. state of California.
Mount Solomons is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada, in the U.S. state of California.
The Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority (Rock Region METRO) is a public transit agency serving the Rock Region of Arkansas.
Rock Region Metro is operated by the Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority.
William Aberhart High School is the largest youth debate union in Western Canada.
William Aberhart High School is a public high school located at 3009 Morley Trail NW in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Alto Pelado is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
Alto Pelado is a village and municipality in C3rdoba Province in northwestern Argentina.
Carla Tortelli (born Carla Maria Victoria Angelina Teresa Apollonia Lozupone Tortelli LeBec) is an American television show starring Rhea Perlman as a waitress.
Carla Tortelli is a fictional character from the American sitcom Cheers.
Tommy Hill (born 9 February 1985 in Beckenham, Kent) is a British motorcycle road racer.
Tommy Hill was born in Kent, England.
The image of William Barak is an 85-metre-high (310 ft) sculpture of Barak located on the facade of Swanston Square in Melbourne, Australia, in 2015.
William Barak was born in Australia and died in Coranderrk, New South Wales.
The municipality was established on 28 August 2006 and has a population of 69.
Olbramov is a village and municipality (obec) in esk Budjovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic with a population of 69 people.
Zhovkva Raion (Ukrainian: ) is a raion (district) of Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine.
Zhovkva Raion (Ukrainian: ) is a raion (district) in Lviv Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.
William Friese-Greene (7 September 1855 - 5 May 1921) was an English photographer and inventor.
William Friese-Greene was born in Bristol in 1855 and died in London in 1921.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson (born November 26, 1971) is an American film director, screenwriter, and video game executive based in Brooklyn, New York City.
Matthew Statisfield Richardson (born 1971), known professionally as Matty Rich, is an American musician.
Alfred Flores died on February 6, 2009, in Malojloj, Guam, after a long illness, and was survived by his wife, Ester Duenas Flores.
Alfred San Nicolas Flores (1916, Inarajan, Guam - 2009, Malojloj, Guam) was the husband of Ester Duenas.
Black Widow Records is a record label founded in 1990 in Genoa, Italy, by the British progressive rock band Black Widow.
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded in 1990 in Genoa.
The Frank Oppenheimer Fellowship Fund (FOF) is a non-profit organization based at the Exploratorium in Los Angeles, California.
Frank Friedman Oppenheimer is best known for Frank Oppenheimer's work at the Exploratorium, where he was one of the founders of McCarthyism.
The Isaac Hardenbergh House, also known as The Hardenbergh Manor, is a historic home built in 1790 in Roxbury, Delaware County, New York, United States.
Isaac Hardenbergh House was built in 1790.
URL Badman was released on 13 July 2014 by Parlophone.
URL Badman was released on the Parlophone label.
The French Division Spciale Présidentielle (French: Division présidentielle spciale, DSP) was an elite military force created by the Zairian President Mobutu Sese Seko in 1985.
The Special Presidential Division (Spanish: Divisi3n Poblica Special) was a Spanish military force that existed between 1985 and 1997.
John Augustus Roebling (June 12, 1806 - July 22, 1869) was a German American civil engineer.
John August Roebling (1806-1869) was a German-American businessman and philanthropist.
Sphinctospermum is a family of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae, subfamily Faboideae.
Sphinctospermum belongs to the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family, Fabaceae.
Theloderma licin, also known as the smooth frog, is a frog of the genus Theloderma found in peninsular Malaysia and southern Thailand.
Theloderma licin is a frog in the genus Theloderma.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro (16 June 1862 in Ferreafe, Lambayeque Region, Peru - 28 October 1930) was a Peruvian general.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born in Ferreafe.
The Hefei Urban Rail Transit (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Hfi Zh nhu Xi n) or Hefei Metro (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Hfi Zh nhu Xi n) is a rapid transit system in Hefei, Hebei, China.
The Hefei Metro (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Hfi Xi n) is a rapid transit system in Hefei, Hebei, China, which opened in 2016.
Anton Lindfors (born 22 April 1991 in Porvoo) is a Finnish snowboarder who competes in snowboard cross.
Anton Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland.
Makhtumkuli Avenue (also known as Magtymguly Avenue) is a major avenue in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Makhtumkuli Avenue is a major thoroughfare in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers (Norwegian: Norsk Jager- og Fangforbund, NJFF) is the national association for hunters and anglers in Norway.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers (Norwegian: Norsk Jager- og Fangfrbundet, NJFF) is a Norwegian hunting and fishing association.
Lindi Region is an administrative region of Tanzania.
Lindi Region is a region of Tanzania.
The first of these displays took place in September 1946 at RAF Coleby Grange, Lincolnshire, England.
RAF Coleby Grange is a former Royal Air Force station in Coleby, Lincolnshire, England.
Samuel Ayscough was born in Nottingham in 1745 and educated at Nottingham Free Grammar School.
Samuel Ayscough (1745-1804) was a British soldier who fought in the American Revolutionary War.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani (Persian: â, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsanjn«) is a village in Golestan Rural District, Golestan District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani (Persian: â, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsnjn«; also known as Tolombeh-ye Moammad Rafsnjn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a lightweight, all-composite, highly efficient four-seat aircraft designed and produced in Slovenia by Pipistrel.
The Pipistrel Panthera is a two-seat, single-engined, single-engined, single-seat, single-engined, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, single-seat, two-seat, two-seat, two-seat, two-seat, two-seat, two-seat, two-s
James Ferguson Dowdell (November 26, 1818 - September 6, 1871) was a U.S. Representative from Alabama and the second president of East Alabama College and Auburn University from 1868 to 1870.
James Ferguson Dowdell was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives.
Peter Paul Anatol Lieven was born in London in 1960.
Anatol Lieven was born in London.
Mathias Fink (born 1945 in Grenoble) is a French physicist and professor at ESPCI Paris.
Mathias Fink was born in Grenoble, France.
Virginia Field (born Margaret Cynthia Field; 4 November 1917 - 2 January 1992) was a British film actress.
Born in London, England as Margaret Cynthia Field, Virginia Field was the mother of Margaret Field Douglas.
Jozef Tomko (born 11 March 1924 in Udavsk, Czechoslovakia, now Humenn, Czech Republic) was a Czech footballer.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavsk.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi (Persian: â, also Romanized as var Kand« Qeshlq«) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi (Persian: â, also Romanized as var Kand« Qeshlq«; also known as var Kand«) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Jacques Vivier (born 9 October 1930 in Mareuil-sur-Bel) is a French former professional road bicycle racer who competed from 1951 to 1957.
Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel.
Eric Kupper (French: [kup]) is a French-American DJ, record producer, arranger, songwriter, remix artist, and keyboardist.
Eric Kupper is an American DJ and producer.
Norman Mason was a British Thoroughbred horse owner and jockey who won the Grand National at Sunderland in 1924.
Red Marauder was owned by Norman Mason.
Zak Orth (born October 15, 1970) is an American actor, best known for his roles in the television series Wet Hot American Summer, Melinda and Melinda, The Baxter, NYC 22 and Music and Lyrics.
Adam Zachary "Zak" Orth (born 1970) is an American musician, songwriter, and producer.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in Aventura, Florida.
Aventura Mall is a shopping center in Aventura, Florida.
ри иколаеви руеко Youcca Troubetzkov (Russian: ; 12 December 1905 - 22 April 1992) was a Russian-born French-American actor.
Youcca Troubetzkoy (Russian: ; 1905-1992) was the pseudonym of Nicolas Barclay and Youcca Troubetzkov.
Mount Ikoma (, Ikoma-dake) is a mountain located on the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Mount Ikoma (, Ikoma-dake) is a mountain located in Ikoma Prefecture, Japan.
Carol Shields's second novel, The Lie, won the 1998 Orange Prize for Fiction, the 2002 Giller Prize, the 2003 Orange Prize for Fiction, and the Governor General of Canada Literary Award.
Carol Shields (born 1972) is a Canadian author, best known as the author of Canada's most popular children's book, Unless, published in 2002.
Ibaraki Station (, Ibaraki-eki) is a railway station on the JR Kyoto Line in Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Ibaraki Station (, Ibaraki-eki) is a railway station on the JR Kyoto Line in Ibaraki, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, opened in 1876.
The Glen Park Formation is a Carboniferous geologic formation in Illinois.
The Glen Park Formation is a geologic formation of the Carboniferous age.
The Hopkins Cottage is a rectangular two-story three-bay cottage built in 1923 in Harrietstown, Franklin County, New York.
Hopkins Cottage was built in 1923.
Jane Elizabeth Randall (born August 28, 1990 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American fashion model.
Jane Elizabeth Randall was born in Baltimore, Maryland.
Arzo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Graub14nden in Switzerland.
Arzo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Labios Compartidos (English: Compartmented Lips) is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Maná, released in 2006.
"Labios Compartidos" (English: "Comparted Lives") is a song by Brazilian singer-songwriter Maná.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips (1884 - 10 July 1969) was a Nigerian church music composer, organist, conductor and teacher.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips (1884-1969) was a Nigerian businessman and philanthropist.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team was an American football team that represented the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) in the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) during the 1955 college football season and was coached by Red Sanders.
The Bruins played 1955 UCLA Bruins football team's home games at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, California, and were members of the Pacific Coast Conference.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena (Sinhala: â; born 3 September 1951) is a Sri Lankan politician who served as the seventh President of Sri Lanka from 9 January 2015 to 18 November 2019.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena (Sinhala: ) is the current President of Sri Lanka.
Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari was the father of Dharani, Chathurika, Daham, and Dharani.
Maithripala Sirisena is the husband of Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari, the father of Dharani, the President of Sri Lanka, the Minister of Defence, the Minister of Health, and the Leader of the House, and the father of Chathurika, Daham, and Kundasale.
Jozini is an administrative area in the Umkhanyakude District of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Jozini Local Municipality is a local municipality in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.
Longcanoe Lake is a narrow lake in Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.
Longcanoe Lake is a lake in Ontario, Canada.
Toledo 5's sister station, WTVG, is located in Toledo, Ohio.
In September 2014, Toledo 5 merged with WTVG to form WTVG-TV.
The Arvind Ghosh Memorial Lecture is a lecture given annually by the Arvind Ghosh Memorial Foundation, a non-profit organization, to promote Islamism in India.
Arvind Ghosh is a member of the All India Congress Committee.
Arheilgen is a district of Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany, created in 1937.
Darmstadt-Arheilgen is a municipality in the district of Darmstadt, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Abdool Raouf Bundhun (born 14 January 1937) was the Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007.
Raouf Bundhun is the current Vice President of Mauritius.
The United States House of Representatives is the upper house of the United States Congress and is elected by the people of California.
The California State Senate is the lower house of the California Legislature.
Andrew Michael Edgar Seeley (born April 30, 1982) is a Canadian-American actor, singer, dancer, and producer for the Walt Disney Company.
Drew Seeley was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1982.
Henry FitzJames, Duke of Albemarle and Duke of Marlborough (6 August 1673 - 16 December 1702) was a Jacobite peerage holder.
Henry FitzJames was born in Middlesex, the son of John FitzJames, 1st Duke of Albemarle.
TT Games Limited is a British holding company of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
TT Games is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
Michael Thorpe (born March 12, 1944) is an English-American physicist who is a Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University.
Michael Thorpe was the first English-American to serve in the United States House of Representatives.
Aurthohin was one of the first bands in Bangladesh to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country.
Tanim Sufyani (Bengali: ) is a Bangladeshi singer and songwriter, who is a member of Aurthohin and Stentorian, and a member of the Bangladeshi rock band Aurthohin.
The Battle of Carbisdale, also known as the Battle of Invercarron, was fought on 27 April 1650 near the village of Culrain in Sutherland, Scotland, during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
The Battle of Carbisdale, also known as the Battle of Culrain, was fought in Sutherland, Scotland, between the forces of the Scottish Royalists and the English.
ANT1 Satellite (Greek: ) is a popular private network (PPN) owned by the ANT1 Group, based in Athens, Greece, and launched in 1996 in North America.
ANT1 Satellite is the first satellite to be launched from Greece.
Salband (Persian: â, also Romanized as Slband and Qeshlq-e Dmn) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Salband (Persian: â, also Romanized as Salband) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
The Scandinavian Masters is an annual golf tournament on the European Tour, held in Sweden.
The Scandinavian Masters (Swedish: Sveriges Masters) is a men's professional golf tournament held annually in Sweden.
Major Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset, the son of Major Elton and Lucy Caroline Elton.
Frederick Cockayne Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset.
Alessandro Nora (born 24 May 1987) is an Italian water polo player for AN Brescia and the Italian national team.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar (Persian: â, also Romanized as Tzeh Kand-e Afshr) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar (Persian: â, also Romanized as Tzeh Kand-e Afshr; also known as Tzeh Kand) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Suho Memorial Paper Museum (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: S«h D xu) is a museum about paper in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The Suho Paper Memorial Museum (Chinese: ) is a museum in Taipei, Taiwan.
Cuando Cubango (Umbundu: Kwando Kubango Volupale) is a province of Angola, with a population of 534,002 in 2014.
Menongue is a town and commune in Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.
The provinces of Cuchi, Cuangar, Cuanavale, Mavinga, Nancova, and Rivungo are the most populous in the country.
Cuangar is a town and commune in Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.
Lij Kuh (Persian: â, also Romanized as Lch Kh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Lij Kuh (Persian: â, also Romanized as L«j K«h) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Jaime Bergman Boreanaz (born September 23, 1975) is an American actress and model who was Playmate of the Month in January 1999.
Jaime Boreanaz (born 1975 in Utah, United States) is an American musician.
The California Bowl is a college football bowl game that features teams from the following conferences: Ball State, Ball State, Central Michigan, Eastern Michigan, Toledo, Northern Illinois, Western Michigan, and Miami.
California Bowl has been hosted by the following schools: Ball State, Cal State Fullerton, Central Michigan, Fresno State, Miami, UNLV, San Jose State, Toledo, and UNLV.
Zhao Jiande (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: Zh o Jind; Wade-Giles: Ch'uan-yue; Wade-Giles: Ch'uan-yue; Wade-Giles: Ch'uan-yue; Wade-Giles: Ch'uan-yue; Wade-Giles: Ch'uan-yue; Wade-Giles: Ch'uan-yue) was the last king of the Nanyue dynasty.
Nanyue (Chinese: ; pinyin: Nnyu; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan-yue; Wade-Giles: Nan
Johann Puch (27 June 1862 - 19 July 1914) was a Slovene mechanic and inventor, who was one of the founders of the automobile industry in Europe.
Johann Puch (1862 in Sakuak, Austria-Hungary - 1914) was a Hungarian general.
The Battles of Bergisel were a series of four battles fought on the Bergisel hill in Innsbruck, Austria, between the forces of Emperor Napoleon I of France and the Tyrolese militiamen of the Kingdom of Bavaria and a contingent of Austrian regular soldiers.
The Battles of Bergisel (German: Schlachten von Bergisel) were a series of skirmishes fought between the Tyroleans and the Austrians at Bergisel near Innsbruck.
Oliver Fix (born 21 June 1973 in Augsburg) is a German slalom canoeist who competed from 1990 to 1996.
Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg.
Chekmagushevsky District (Russian: ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-three in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Chekmagushevsky District (Russian: ) is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in the Sakha Republic, Russia.
The Tinayguk River is a tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The Tinayguk River is a river in the U.S. state of Alaska.
Henry Francis Pankhurst (1803 in Stoke, England - 1879 in London, England) was the father of Margaret Marsden and Richard Pankhurst.
Richard Pankhurst died in Manchester in 1898.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan, playing in the top division in Kyrgyzstan League.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a Kyrgyzstani football team based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan.
Safina is the vice chairman of the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya (FRD-Kenya).
Paul Muite is the leader of Safina, a political party in Kenya.
He is based at St. Peters in Cardiff, Wales.
Maurice Joseph Lawson Turnbull was born in Cardiff, Wales.
David John Magley (born November 24, 1959) is an American former professional basketball player and coach.
Dave Magley (born David John Magley) is an American football coach and former player who is currently the head coach of LaSalle High School in LaSalle, Illinois.
In February 2009, Lundgren left Queensrche to form Sledgeback.
Parker Lundgren is a former member of the American heavy metal band Queensrche and a founding member of the band Sledgeback.
Qabed (Persian: â, also Romanized as Qobeyd) is a village in Rivand Rural District, Central District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Qabed (Persian: â, also Romanized as Qbed) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Cagthorpe is a suburb of Horncastle in Lincolnshire, England.
Cagthorpe is a hamlet in Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph S. Chandler (December 1, 1861 - September 18, 1862) was a major in the 114th Pennsylvania Infantry during the American Civil War.
The 75th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment of the Union Army that served in the American Civil War from 1861 to 1865.
The Old Killingly High School is a historic school building at 185 Broad Street in Killingly, Connecticut, built in 1908.
Old Killingly High School was built in 1908.
The Future Movement (Arabic: â, romanized: al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qasr al-Qaeda) is a group of anti-Syrian groups that led the 2011-2012 Syrian Uprising in Lebanon.
Rifaat Eid was born in Tripoli, Lebanon.
Abbots Bromley School is a coeducational boarding and day independent school in the village of Abbots Bromley, Staffordshire, England.
Abbots Bromley School, founded in 1874, is a co-educational independent school for boys, located in the village of Abbots Bromley, Staffordshire, England.
Isaac Karasu Carasso (Greek: ; 1874-1939) was a Sephardic Jew who lived in Ottoman Salonica (modern Thessaloniki, Greece).
Isaac Carasso was born in Thessaloniki and died in Paris.
Kahriz-e Kalan (Persian: â, also Romanized as Kahrz-e Kaln) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Kahriz-e Kalan (Persian: â, also Romanized as Kahr«z-e Kaln; also known as Kahr«z, Kahr«z-e Kaln, Kahr«z-e Kaln, and Kahr«z-e Kaln) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Original Concept: Lina Dorado curated by Luis Cantillo is an exhibition of contemporary art organized by Villegas Editores in Bogot, Colombia.
Lina Dorado (born 1975 in Bogotá) is a Colombian actress.
Behtarabad (Persian: â, also Romanized as Behtrbd) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Behtarabad (Persian: â, also Romanized as Behtrbd; also known as Behtrbd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
He was born in S£o Paulo, Brazil, and died in Bologna, Italy, where he was buried, and in Argentina, where he was buried, and in Portugal, where he was buried.
Dino Grandi died in Bologna, Italy.
Dino Grandi, 1st Conte di Mordano (4 June 1895 - 21 May 1988) was an Italian Fascist politician, minister of justice and president of parliament.
Dino Grandi was born in Mordano, Italy and served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in the government of Giuseppe Conte.
Moto Racer is a racing game for the PlayStation and PC.
Moto Racer was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Solar Entertainment Corporation (SEC) is a Filipino media company owned by Wilson, William and Willy Tieng.
Solar Entertainment Corporation is owned by the Tieng family.
Kazumi Saeki (, Saeki Kazumi, born March 20, 1953 in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture) is a Japanese novelist.
Kazumi Saeki was born in Sendai.
Robin Simon (born in Halifax, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian guitarist, best known as a founding member of the Canadian rock band Ultravox in the early to mid-1970s, along with Billy Currie.
Robin Simon is best known as the lead vocalist of the band Ultravox.
Edmon Colomer (born in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish conductor.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona.
Russell Sage (April 4, 1816 - July 22, 1906) was an American financier, railroad executive, and Whig politician from New York.
Russell Sage is a member of the New York State Board of Regents.
Zimchung is a village in Mangan subdivision of North Sikkim district in the state of Sikkim, India.
Zimchung is a village in Sikkim, India.
Dawn Staley was the assistant coach of the USA National team in transition from 2006 to 2009.
Dawn Staley (born 1996 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach of the South Carolina Gamecocks women's soccer team.
The Abingdon Glebe House is a 1700 T-shaped brick house in Gloucester County, Virginia.
Abingdon Glebe House was built in 1700.
Ernest Mamboury was buried in the Feriköy Protestant Cemetery in Istanbul on September 23, 1953.
Ernest Mamboury was born in Signy-Avenex and died in Istanbul.
Rahim Mirakhori (Persian: â, born 30 April 1956) is an Iranian football Defender who played for Iran in the 1984 Asian Cup.
Rahim Mirakhori (Persian: â, born in Iran) is an Iranian footballer.
Ertzia is a monospecific genus of fungi in the family Lepidostromataceae.
Ertzia is a family of fungi in the order Lepidostromatales.
Nimek (Persian: â, also Romanized as Nmnek) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Nimek (Persian: â, also Romanized as N«mek; also known as N«m«k) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Chew (Chinese: ; pinyin: Chw; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Wade-Giles: Chew; Chinese: ; Mandarin: ; Mandarin: ; Chinese: ; Mandarin: ; Mandarin: ; Mandarin: ; Mandarin: ; Mandarin
John Chew (Chinese: ; pinyin: Xio Xioyun) is a Singaporean Anglican bishop.
Nobuaki Katayama (, Katayama Nobuaki) is a Japanese racing driver and automotive engineer who has driven in the first generation of the Toyota Supra, the first generation Lexus IS, the first generation Lexus SC 300, and the Toyota Altezza in Japan.
Nobuaki Katayama (, Katayama Nobuaki) is a former Japanese footballer who played as a defender for Japan national team.
Han Groo (Korean: ; Hanja: ; born 1992 in Namyangju, Gyeonggi Province) is a South Korean model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe South Korea 2011 and represented her country at Miss Universe 2011 pageant.
Han Groo (Korean: ; Hanja: ; born May 29, 1992 in Min Han-groo, Gyeonggi-do) is a South Korean actress and singer.
Makoshika State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Montana, with a population of 45.
Makoshika State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Montana.
Ust-Bartaga (Russian: -) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Ust-Bartaga Rural Okrug of Bartagasky District in the Sakha Republic, Bashkortostan, Russia.
Ust-Bartaga (Russian: -) is a rural locality (a village) in Karaidelsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia.
Prism Leisure Corporation is a publishing and distribution company founded in 1980 by Geoff Young in Enfield, Middlesex, United Kingdom.
Prism Leisure Corporation was founded in 1980.
Yada Station was opened on April 2, 1905.
Yada Station was opened in 1905.
Adam Roarke (born Richard Jordan Gerler; August 8, 1937 - April 27, 1996) was an American actor and film director.
Adam Roarke (born Richard Jordan Gerler; 1937 - 1996) was a Dallas, Texas-based artist.
Get Silly was certified Gold by the RIAA on November 13, 2008.
Get Silly was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals, and won a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group for Best Pop Vocal Performance by
Jan Six van Chandelier (1620, Amsterdam - 1695, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Johan Six van Chandelier or Joannes van Chandelier (c. 1620, Amsterdam - 1695, Spa, France) was a Dutch Golden Age poet who lived in England, France, Spain and Italy.
Lydiate railway station was a station on the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway off Carr Lane in Lydiate, Cheshire, England.
Lydiate railway station (Greek: ) is a railway station in Lydiate, Greece.
