White Coppice is a hamlet in Chorley, Lancashire, England.
White Coppice is located in England.
American Frances Follin Jones was born in 1912 and died in 1999. She was a classicist and worked as a curator for The Art Museum, Princeton University. She began her career in 1943 and ended it in 1983.
Frances Follin Jones was born in 1912 and died in 1999.
Gavin Bishop was born in 1946 in Invercargill, New Zealand. He is an author and illustrator and is a member of the ONZM.
Gavin Bishop is from New Zealand.
Dimasangcay Pundato was born on December 21st, 1947 and is a Filipino national. Dimasangcay Pundato's religion is Muslim. Kumander Dimas, who was born Dimasangcay Pundato, worked as an undersecretary and was a Moro revolutionary leader. Kumander Dimas also worked as the Office of the Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process.
Dimasangcay Pundato was born in 1947 and is a Filipino national.
Kalam Rud (alias Kalm Rd) is a village in Iran. It has a population of 197 and is located in Amlash County, Gilan Province, Rankuh District and Somam Rural District.
Kalam Rud is a village in Iran which has a population of 197.
Chinese is the native language of Yingyuehu Park Station, which was opened in 2015 and has the alias of. Yingyuehu Park Station is a metro station on the Line 2 of the Wuxi Metro.
Yingyuehu Park Station was opened in 2015.
The Masters Champions League, also known as MCL, is a cricket league based in the United Arab Emirates. The Masters Champions League, which has the format of Twenty20, was held on 28 January 2016 in the UAE. The Gemini Arabians team have won the Masters Champions League.
Gemini Arabians and Sagittarius Strikers are teams in the 2016 Masters Champions League which is known as the Masters Champions League. The rd1 team is Sagittarius Strikers.
Jacques Kallis is a South African who plays for the Libra Legends and the Sagittarius Strikers. He is an all-rounder and a wicketkeeper-batsman. Adam Gilchrist is an Australian who plays as a wicketkeeper-batsman.
Leo Lions, Libra Legends and Sagittarius Strikers are the teams in the 2016 Masters Champions League. The rd2 team is Leo Lions and the rd1 team is Sagittarius Strikers.
Leo Lions and Gemini Arabians are both teams in the 2016 Masters Champions League.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, also known as the Masters Champions League, is held in Sharjah. The teams competing are Libra Legends, Leo Lions and Gemini Arabians. The rd1 team is Sagittarius Strikers and the rd2 team is Leo Lions.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, a Twenty20 cricket tournament, was held in Dubai and Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. The tournament was held on 28 January and 13 February 2016.
The 2016 Masters Champions League, also known as the Masters Champions League, is held in Dubai and Sharjah. The teams competing are Libra Legends, Leo Lions and Gemini Arabians. The rd1 team is Sagittarius Strikers and the rd2 team is Leo Lions.
Musashi-Yamato Station, also known as ST06, was opened in 1930.
Musashi-Yamato Station was opened in 1930.
Daniel Monte McLain, aka Country Dick Montana, was born in Carmel, California on May 11th, 1955. He was a musician and died on November 8th, 1995. He was a former member of The Beat Farmers.
Daniel Monte McLain's real name is Country Dick Montana, whose hometown is California. He began his career in 1983 and ended it in the same year.
Anna Bagriana was born in the city of Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast in 1981. She attended the Language Institute of Shevchenko National University of Kyiv.
Anna Bagriana was born in Fastiv, Kyiv Oblast.
Itamar Rabinovich, who was born in 1942, was the president of the Israel Institute ( Washington and Jerusalem).
Itamar Rabinovich was born in Jerusalem and works as a Professor.
Iraqi national Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi was born in 1963 and died on 22 September 2014. He was a human rights activist and lawyer.
Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi died in Mosul.
Jan Matham was a painter who was born in Haarlem in 1600 and died in The Hague in 1648. He was a national of the Netherlands.
Jan Matham was born in Haarlem and died in The Hague.
Refuge Capitán Cobbett is a refuge in Cierva Cove, Antarctica, Argentine.
Cierva Cove is a subdivision of Antarctica.
Hirafu Station is located in Kutchan, Hokkaido, Japan and is on the Hakodate Main Line.
Hirafu Station is on the Hakodate Main Line.
Bluenotes is a Canadian lifestyle clothing company that was founded in 1984. Thrifty's Inc. is a subsidiary of Bluenotes.
Bluenotes, located in Canada, was founded in 1984.
For the Fallen Dreams began their career in 2003 and are made up of bassist Chris Ash and lead guitarist Jim Hocking. Aaron Long is a vocalist and Andrew Tkaczyk plays drums.
For the Fallen Dreams started their career in 2003 and are from Michigan.
Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
John Boulos was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Ghazbaniyeh is part of the Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Khorramshahr County and Khuzestan Province in Iran. It has a population of 59 and a settlement type of village.
Ghazbaniyeh is a village settlement in Iran. It has a population of 59.
Diyar-e-Dil is located in Skardo, Punjab, Gilgit-Baltistan and Lahore. It is a type of show.
Diyar-e-Dil is located in Skardo, Gilgit-Baltistan and Lahore. It has a soundtrack.
Jakob Ritter von Danner was born on 7 August 1865 in the state of Bavarian. He served as a general in the Reichswehr and the Imperial German Army. He died on 28 December 1942.
Jakob Ritter von Danner died in Munich.
The Trondheim Byleksikon is published by Kunnskapsforlaget in Trondheim, Norway. It was founded in 1996 and is known as the Trondheim City Encyclopedia. It is a literary genre of encyclopedia and was written by Terje Bratberg.
Trondheim byleksikon is an encyclopedia published in Norway by Kunnskapsforlaget.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was an Italian born in Austria on March 10th, 1805. He worked as a painter in Florence, England and died on October 27th, 1844.
Carlo Ernesto Liverati was born in Vienna and died in Florence.
Lost Creek Wilderness is located in Jefferson County, Colorado.
Lost Creek Wilderness is located in Colorado.
Richard Peter Davis was born on 30 December 1957 in Chicago, Illinois, United States. He is a guitarist and bandleader.
Richard Peter Davis was born in Chicago and began his career in 1969. He ended his career in 1969.
Shawn Matheson was born on May 6th, 1972 and is a Canadian ice sledge hockey player. He was a member of Team Canada at the 1994 Winter Paralympics and the 1998 Winter Paralympics. Shawn Matheson was awarded medals at the 2006 Winter Paralympics.
Shawn Matheson is from Canada.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held on February 28 and March 4 in Vienna, Austria.
The 1967 World Figure Skating Championships were held in Vienna, Austria.
Louis Kurihara was born on 6 December 1994.
Louis Kurihara was born in 1994.
Alfred Shale, a geologic formation, is located at Alfred Station, New York, and is of the Devonian period.
Alfred Shale was born in the Devonian period.
Alejandro Gabriel Espinosa Borja, whose real name is Gabriel Espinosa, was born in Quito on 13 August 1985. He is an Ecuadorian footballer.
Gabriel Espinosa was born in Quito.
Temple University is the school of the Samaritan Hospital, the Medical School and the Philadelphia Dental College.
Temple University is located in Philadelphia.
KAT-TUN are the musical artists of Real Face which is available as a CD single.
Real Face is a member of the band KAT-TUN.
Mtshabezi Mission is a ward located in Gwanda District, Matabeleland South, Zimbabwe.
The Mtshabezi Mission is located in Zimbabwe.
The Gamits are an American band with a band background. They began their career in 1996 and ended it in 1996.
The Gamits began their career in 1996 and ended it in 1996.
Eliezer Kulas was born on 29 August 1944 and is an Israeli national. He started his career in 1981 and ended it in 1988. Eliezer Kulas is a politician and a member of the Knesset. He is a member of the Likud party.
Eliezer Kulas, who was born in Kyzylorda, belongs to the Likud party.
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt. He worked in Perleberg and St Johannis, Lüneburg. He was a Kantor.
Friedrich Funcke was born in Nossen and died in Römstedt.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born in Italy on November 15th, 1928. He died on August 1st, 2012 in Italy. He was a titular bishop, auxiliary bishop and worked at the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manfredonia-Vieste-San Giovanni Rotondo.
Riccardo Ruotolo was born in Italy and died in Italy.
Maxim Lemire was born in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel on 30 March 1981 and lives in Trois-Rivières.
Maxim Lemire was born in 1981 in Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel. He resides in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada.
Annalise Murphy, who was a grand marshal at the Rio Olympics, was a participant in the Dublin St Patrick's Day Parade and was awarded the silver medal.
Annalise Murphy lives in Dublin and her sport is sailing.
Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos was born in Lima, Peru on 16 January 1938. She is a singer whose real name is Betty Missiego. Beatriz Teresa Missiego Campos lives in Spain and is a Peruvian national.
Betty Missiego was born in Lima.
Tianjin Binhai International Airport passenger terminal building is located in Dongli District, Tianjin. It is the headquarters of Tianjin Airlines which is a Chinese airline. Tianjin Airlines is also known as Tinjn Hángkng and Grand China Express Air.
Tianjin Airlines headquarters are in Tianjin.
Tianjin Airlines was founded in 2009 and has its headquarters in China. Tianjin Airlines is also known as Grand China Air.
Tianjin Airlines headquarters are in Tianjin, China.
Jamila Sanmoogan was born on 20 March 1997 and is a Guyanese national who is a swimmer.
Jamila Sanmoogan is a Guyanese national.
James Alan Polster was an American born on September 14th, 1947. He was a novelist, movie producer, screenwriter, explorer and journalist. He died on December 15th, 2012.
American James Alan Polster was born in Cleveland in 1947 and died in 2012.
The goals in the 1965 FA Cup Final were scored by Bremner and St John who play for Liverpool. Bremner played for Leeds.
The 1965 FA Cup Final was played in London in the stadium of Leeds United. Liverpool and St John and Bremner scored goals in the final.
The Sri Lanka Police Academy is a police college located in the city of Dehiwala.
The Sri Lanka Police Academy is in Dehiwala.
Rajaa al-Sanea is from Saudi Arabia and was born in 1981. He is a writer and the author of Girls of Riyadh.
Rajaa al-Sanea was born in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia in 1981. He is a dentist and lives in Riyadh.
Alessandro dal Borro, a noble, was born in Arezzo and served as a captain.
Alessandro dal Borro was born in Arezzo and died in Corfu.
The Battle of Aydn, or The Defence of Aydn, took place in Aydn, western Turkey, between 27 June 1919 and 4 July 1919. The Battle of Aydn was part of the Greco-Turkish War 1919-1922.
Yörük Ali Efe was a commander in the Battle of Aydn, which took place in Aydn.
The defending champions of Boca Juniors won the 2001 Copa Libertadores and played in the 2001 Intercontinental Cup on 27 November 2001. The cup was also won by Bayern Munich who won the UEFA Champions League in 2000-01.
The title of the 2001 Intercontinental Cup, which is played in Tokyo, is Boca Juniors. Bayern Munich and Boca Juniors are the teams that competed in the 2001 Intercontinental Cup. The stadium for the 2001 Intercontinental Cup is in Tokyo.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya (also known as Cham Tagaleh) is a village in the Honam Rural District of Iran. It is located in the Lorestan Province, Selseleh County.
Cham Takleh-ye Olya is located in Iran and is a village with a population of 169.
Stock Aitken Waterman, whose real name is SAW, performs Eurobeat and Hi-NRG music.
Stock Aitken Waterman, whose musical genre is Eurobeat and Hi-NRG, is associated with the Sinitta band. His real name is SAW.
Stock Aitken Waterman's genres are Eurobeat, Hi-NRG, Motown and Italo-disco.
Stock Aitken Waterman is a member of Bananarama, Sinitta and Bananarama. He performs Eurobeat and Hi-NRG music.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi is part of Neyriz County, Qatruyeh District and Rizab Rural District in Iran. It has a population of 60 and is a village.
Tolombeh-ye Khosrowi is a village in Iran with a population of 60.
Johnny Grunge was born Michael Lynn Durham.
Michael Lynn Durham was born on 10th July 1966 in the United States. He was a professional wrestler and died on 16th February 2006. He was the birth name of Johnny Grunge.
The expansion Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is located in Kelantan and was constructed in July 2015. It is operated by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad (MAHB) and owned by Malaysia Airport Holdings Berhad.
Sultan Ismail Petra Airport is located in Kelantan, Malaysia.
The Trois-Rivières Lions, an ice hockey team, is based in the city of Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Trois-Rivières Lions is located in the city of Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University in Fez, Morocco was founded in 1975 and is a university.
Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University is located in Morocco.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is affiliated with Camp Boggy Creek, the Children's Miracle Network, Give Kids the World and Ronald McDonald House. It is also affiliated with the National Association of Children's Hospitals and Related Institutions. It is also affiliated with the Make-A-Wish Foundation and the Florida Association of Children's Hospitals.
Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is located in the state of Florida.
Millennium House is a Grade II listed building located in Stockport.
Millennium House is located in Stockport.
Andrejs Grants is a photographer from Latvia.
Andrejs Grants was born in Riga, Latvia and is a Latvian national.
Maurizio Ragano, a Roman Catholic prelate, began his career in 1636 and died in 1640. He was Bishop of Fondi.
Maurizio Ragano is the Bishop of Fondi.
It Ain't My Fault 2 is a CD single by Mystikal and Silkk the Shocker.
Silkk the Shocker (alias Silkk) is associated with Mystikal and C-Murder. Mystikal is associated with Silkk the Shocker.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup, which was held on 21 July 2013, was a football match between Anderlecht and Genk. Anderlecht won the 2012–13 Belgian Pro League.
The 2013 Belgian Super Cup was held in Anderlecht.
Hamsij is located in the Kerman Province of Iran. It is part of the Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District and Zarand County. Hamsij is a village with a population of 57. Hamsij is also known as Ham Sheykh and Hamsch.
Hamsij is located in Iran and has a population of 57. Hamsij is a village settlement.
Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County, Idaho, United States. It is part of the Soldier Mountains, which are part of the Sawtooth National Forest.
Upper Deadwood Lake is located in Idaho.
Hugh Hudson was born on 25 August 1936 and is an English national who worked as a film director.
Hugh Hudson was born in London, UK in 1936. He is an English national.
James Ratliff is a national of the United States. He is a politician and a member of the Democratic Party. He started his term in January 2011 and ended it on January 14th 2013. He represented district 60 and district 73 of the Arkansas House of Representatives.
James Ratliff, whose district is 73, began his term in January 2011.
Estonian national Siim-Sander Vene was born on 12 November 1990. He is a professional basketball player who plays for Varese, a member of the LBA.
The nationality of Siim-Sander Vene is Estonian.
Velike Brusnice is located in the foothills of the Gorjanci range, Slovenia.
Velike Brusnice is a pushpin map in Slovenia.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team competed in the Conference USA and played their home matches at the Louisiana Superdome.
The 1999 Tulane Green Wave football team competed in the Conference USA and played their home matches at the Louisiana Superdome.
Pir Ahmadlu is located in the Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, East Azerbaijan Province, Kaleybar County. It is a village with a population of 95.
The village of Pir Ahmadlu, Iran, has a population of 95.
Italian Francesco Falconi was born in Grosseto on 26 June 1976. He is a fantasy writer.
Italian national Francesco Falconi was born in Grosseto. He speaks Italian.
The Greater New York Councils are councils owned by the Boy Scouts of America.
Ten Mile River Scout Camps is the name of the Greater New York Councils which are councils in the United States.
Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is an Indian lyricist and film director who began his career in 1967. He is also a scriptwriter and has worked in the field of Malayalam movies.
The nationality of Pappanamkodu Lakshmanan is Indian.
Louis-Joseph Moll was born on August 24th, 1816 in Quebec. He was a physician and a political figure. He died on August 5th, 1872.
Louis-Joseph Moll died in Quebec.
Wilmot Mansion is a historic home built in 1827 in Bethany, Wayne County, Pennsylvania. It is a Greek Revival style home.
Wilmot Mansion was constructed in 1827.
Yorkshire Heart Vineyard and Brewery in Nun Monkton was founded in 2000 and won the gold medal in the International Wine Challenge Cellar Door of the Year awards.
Nun Monkton is from the Yorkshire region of England.
Arlene Blum was born on 1 March 1945 and is an American. She was a mountaineer, environmental health scientist and writer. She was known for Annapurna.
Arlene Blum was born in 1945 and was a mountaineer. She was known for Annapurna and has Annalise Blum for a daughter.
Super R-Type is a shooter game developed by Irem for the SNES and released in 1991.
Super R-Type was developed by Irem and is available for the SNES and Wii platforms.
Benjamin Say was born on 28 August 1755 in Pennsylvania. He worked at the U.S. House of Representatives and died on 23 April 1813.
Benjamin Say is from Pennsylvania.
Burke Lake Park is located in Fairfax Station, Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. It is a public park.
Burke Lake Park is located in Virginia.
Jean Pasqualini is a translator who worked for the U.S. military and the British Embassy in Beijing. He is located in Tianjin, Shanghai. The Communist Party took over Tianjin in 1949.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Beijing, China and is a national of France.
Jean Pasqualini, who lives in Paris, was released in 1964.
Jean Pasqualini, alias Bao Ruowang, is a national of France and China. He was born in Laogai, China and died in Paris.
Jean Pasqualini died in a Paris hospital in 1997.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Laogai, China and died in Paris in 1997. He was a national of France and his alias was Bao Ruowang.
Jean Pasqualini, alias Bao Ruowang, was born in Beijing, in the French state of China.
Jean Pasqualini, alias Bao Ruowang, was born in Beijing, China and died in Paris. He is French and Chinese.
Jean Pasqualini was born in 1926, was a French national and a Chinese national. He was a journalist and wrote a memoir of his experiences as a political prisoner in the Laogai labor camp system. He was known by the alias Bao Ruowang and died on 9 October 1997.
Jean Pasqualini was born in Beijing in 1926 and died in Paris in 1997. He was a French national and a Chinese national. He was known as Bao Ruowang and Laogai.
Teikyo School United Kingdom is a Japanese international boarding school located in Wexham, South Bucks.
Wexham is in the district of South Bucks.
St Cross Symondians Cricket Club is the owner of the Green Jackets Ground which is a cricket ground located in St Cross, Winchester, Hampshire.
Green Jackets Ground is located in Winchester, Hampshire.
Thomas Edmondson was born on 30 June 1792 in Lancaster, England. He was an inventor who invented the Edmondson railway ticket. He died on 22 June 1851 in Manchester.
Englishman Thomas Edmondson was born in 1792 and died in Manchester in 1851.
Simon Dach was a Prussian national living in Königsberg. He died in Königsberg.
Simon Dach, a Prussian national, was born in Klaipda and died in Königsberg.
Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890 and is located on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia.
Mont Albert railway station was opened in 1890.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born on May 4th 1961 in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California. Lawrence and Elizabeth (née Murray) McDonough are the parents of Mary Elizabeth McDonough.
Mary Elizabeth McDonough was born in 1961 in California.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup was held in 1995 and is known as the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The 1995 FIA Touring Car World Cup is known as the FIA Touring Car World Cup.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies, alias PAR, is a care and research not-for-profit organization located in Colorado.
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies is located in Colorado.
Susana Campos is an Argentinian actress who was born on August 31st, 1934. She died on October 16th, 2004.
Susana Campos was born in 1934 and ended her career in 2004.
Irving  Irv '' Kupcinet was born on 31 July 1912 in Chicago, Illinois. He was a newspaper columnist, television talk-show host and radio personality. He died on 10 November 2003.
Irv Kupcinet was born in 1912 and died in Chicago in 2003. He began his career in 1935 and ended it in the same year.
Susan Lynn Gordon was born on 27 July 1949 and was an American. She was a child actress and died on 11 December 2011.
Susan Gordon was born in 1949 and her real name was Susan Lynn Gordon. She started her career in 1958 and died in 2011.
20 Fingers is an artist and a music producer.
20 Fingers is an artist who started their career in 1994 and ended it in 1995. They are associated with the musical artist Max-A-Million.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi and started acting in the 1970s. He attended the Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University.
Avtandil Makharadze was born in Batumi.
Valovoy Kordon is located in Uglovsky District, Altai Krai, Russia. He works in a rural locality known as selo.
Valovoy Kordon is from Russia.
Cvetanovac is part of Ljig in Serbia and is a village.
Cvetanovac is part of Ljig in Serbia.
Marmaris National Park is a national park located in Marmaris, Mula Province, Köyceiz, Turkey. It was founded in 1996.
Marmaris National Park is located in Köyceiz.
Bernhard Schott was born on 10 August 1748 and died on 26 April 1809. He founded Schott Music in 1770 in Mainz, Germany. The headquarters of Schott Music are located in Mainz.
Schott Music was founded in 1770 in Germany.
Shoaib Khan was born in Bostan, Pakistan on April 13th, 1985. He is a batsman and is a current member of the Quetta Bears.
Shoaib Khan is from Pakistan.
American Nathan Luke West was born September 29th, 1978. He is an actor, musician and singer.
Nathan West's birth name is Nathan Luke West and he was born in 1978.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport is located in Phalaborwa, Limpopo, South Africa. It is an airport with the alias of PHW and FAPH.
Hendrik Van Eck Airport is in Phalaborwa, Limpopo.
José Vandor Puchner was born on 29 October 1909 and his birth name was József Wech. He was a Hungarian and a Roman Catholic priest. He died on 8 October 1979. He is a current member of the Salesians of Don Bosco.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 and died in 1979.
József Wech was born in Dorog, in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, on 29 October 1909. He is married to Maria Puchner, a German farmer. They have two children, József Wech.
Joseph Vandor was born in 1909 in Dorog and died in 1979.
The NSB Di 2 was built in Thune by the Maschinenbau Kiel company. It began its service in 1954 and ended its service in 1957.
The NSB Di 2 was built by Thune and started to be active in 1954.
Poyales del Hoyo is a municipality in the province of vila, Castile and León, Spain.
Poyales del Hoyo has a population of 598 and is located in Spain.
Sylvester Stewart wrote the song Everybody Is a Star which was produced by Sly and the Family Stone and released in December 1969.
Everybody is a Star was released in December 1969.
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake located in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverlodge Lake is located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sven Gunnarsson was born in Sweden in 1636. He was the father of Sven Gunnarsson's children and lived in the colony of New Sweden.
Sven Svensson was born in Sweden and died in Philadelphia.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels, in Upper Austria, on 21 June 1840. He was a historian and died on 11 August 1915.
Heinrich Brunner was born in Wels.
The Myanmar Peace Centre, alias MPC, is a type of organization that serves Myanmar, also known as Burma. Its headquarters are located in Myanmar.
The Myanmar Peace Centre, which serves Myanmar, has its headquarters in Yangon.
Thomas Van Hamme is a national of Belgium and was born on 10 February 1969. He is a radio and TV moderator and works for the Walloon Broadcaster RTBF which is located in Belgium.
Thomas Van Hamme was born in 1969 in Belgium.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team is part of the University of Georgia and play in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association. They were co-champions of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920 along with Georgia Tech and Tulane.
The 1920 Georgia Bulldogs football team competed in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1920.
Batu Caves is a junction of the road that starts in Selayang and ends in Gombak.
The route of Jalan Batu Caves starts in Selayang and ends in Gombak.
Image-Line developed the FL Studio Mobile 3 which was preceded by the FL Studio Mobile 2. The FL Studio Mobile 2 was developed by Artua.
Image-Line is the developer of FL Studio Mobile.
The Young Survival Coalition (abbreviated to YSC) was founded in 1998 by three young women with breast cancer. It is an international non-profit 501(c)(3) organization headquartered in New York City.
Young Survival Coalition was founded in 1998.
The Ivory Sands House was constructed in 1839 and is a transitional Federal-Greek Revival historic house. It is located at 145 Elm Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The Ivory Sands House was constructed in 1839.
Matthijs Wulfraet, who worked in Arnhem between 1670 and 1683, died in Amsterdam.
Matthijs Wulfraet was born in Arnhem and died in Amsterdam.
British saxophonist Johnny Almond is a member of Mark-Almond. He was born on 29 July 1946 and died on 18 November 2009. He is associated with Alan Price Set, John Mayall and Fleetwood Mac.
Johnny Almond is a band member of Mark-Almond.
King Pedro IV Square (also known as Praça de D. Pedro IV) is the name of Rossio, a food found in Lisbon, Portugal.
Rossio Square is located in Lisbon, Portugal.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel was a local operation in Ypres Salient, Belgium, during World War I. Three divisions of the British Second Army and three divisions of the German 4th Army were involved in the battle.
The Battle of Mont Sorrel took place in Ypres.
Born in 1949, Josianne Fleming-Artsen, was Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten. Josianne Fleming-Artsen's occupations include educator and politician. Her term began in 2014 and ended in 2015.
Josianne Fleming-Artsen was the Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten.
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park located on the Mississippi River in Minnesota, United States.
Great River Bluffs State Park is located in the state of Minnesota, in the United States.
Barnes Reeves Eason, whose real name was B. Reeves Eason Jr., was born November 19th, 1914 and died October 25th, 1921.
B. Reeves Eason Jr. was born in 1914 and died in 1921.
Indian Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence was born in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu on 28 July 1923. He was an educationalist and died on 21 April 2009.
H. S. S. Lawrence was born in Nagercoil in 1923 and died in Chennai in 2009. He was an Indian and lived in Chennai. His birth name was Harris Sam Sahayam Lawrence.
The burial of Qiu Fazu took place on 7 April 2009 at Qiu Fazu Square, which is part of the Tongji Medical College. The Tongji Medical College is part of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology, which is located in the city of Wuhan.
Qiu Fazu was born in Hangzhou and died in Wuhan.
Moseyev Pochinok is part of the Mardengskoye Rural Settlement, which is in the Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast. Moseyev Pochinok is a village settlement.
Moseyev Pochinok is from Russia.
Spacetime Studios (abbreviated to STS) is a games development studio located in Austin, Texas. Gary Gattis and Cinco Barnes are both experienced PC MMO game developers. Anthony L. Sommers and Jake Rodgers are also experienced PC MMO game developers.
Spacetime Studios, founded in 2005, is located in Texas.
Garlton Hills Volcanics is a geologic formation found in Scotland and is Carboniferous in age.
Garlton Hills Volcanics is carboniferous and located in Scotland.
Yazawa was founded in 2008 and is a former band member of Emi Music Japan. Garuru Records was founded in the same year.
Eikichi Yazawa, born in Japan, started performing in 1975 and is signed to Garuru Records.
Green Bay Packers play in the Western Conference and Baltimore Colts also play in the same conference.
The Baltimore Colts were the rd1 team in the 1965 NFL playoffs while the Green Bay Packers were the rd2 team.
Animazement was held in 1998 at the North Raleigh Hilton in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Animazement is an anime convention held at the Raleigh Convention Center at the Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center.
Little Joe 1A is an unmanned rocket operated by NASA. It was launched on November 4th, 1959 and has the alias of LJ-1A.
Little Joe 1A is operated by NASA.
Kekerten Island is an uninhabited island located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Kekerten Island is in Canada.
Delluc directed L'Inondation which was produced in 1924. He died in Paris in 1924.
Louis Delluc was born in 1890 and died in Paris in 1924. He was a French national.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague.
Ivan Moravec was born in Prague and died in Prague.
Gene Hackman stars in Hoosiers which was released in 1986 and is set at the fictitious Hickory High School.
Bobby Plump attended high school in Milan.
Martial Outlaw is a martial arts film produced in 1993 by Pierre David and Kurt Anderson. It stars Jeff Wincott, Gary Hudson and Richard Jaeckel.
Martial Outlaw was produced by Pierre David, written by Thomas Ritz and directed by Kurt Anderson.
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team plays in the Atlantic Coast Conference, in the Coastal division.
Chapel Hill, North Carolina is the location of the North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team. They play in the Atlantic Coast Conference and in the Coastal Division.
Rangra is a village settlement in Nakodar, Jalandhar district, Punjab, India.
Rangra is part of Nakodar in India.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born October 1st, 1877 and died January 17th, 1967. She was a key person at Sainte-Justine Hospital which is a children's hospital.
Justine Lacoste-Beaubien was born in Montreal in 1877 and died in 1967 in Montreal.
Tianshili Station is a station on the line 3 of the Tianjin Metro and was opened in 2012.
Tianshili Station opened in 2012.
Mary Marg Helgenberger was born on November 16th, 1958 and is an American actress. She began her career in 1982 and starred in soap operas.
Marg Helgenberger, born Mary Marg Helgenberger, began her career in 1982. She was born in 1958.
Mount Pippu is located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains, Hokkaido, Japan.
Mount Pippu is located in Hokkaido, Japan.
Henrik Fig is a football midfielder who plays for the Danish association. Henrik Fig is located in the United States, Germany and Denmark.
Henrik Fig was born in Denmark.
Pinhou is a village in the Montagnes District, Guémon Region, Kahin-Zarabaon sub-prefecture, Ivory Coast.
Pinhou is part of Kahin-Zarabaon, Ivory Coast.
The Yorkshire Jets, who play netball, are located in Yorkshire, England.
Anna Carter is the coach of the Yorkshire Jets who are based in Yorkshire.
The main building of Moscow State University in Moscow, Russia is 240 metres high and is a skyscraper.
The main building of Moscow State University is located in Moscow, Russia. It was built after Messeturm.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne on 15 June 1790. He was a German national who worked as an architect and archaeologist. He died in Paris on January 1854.
Franz Christian Gau was born in Cologne and died in Paris.
The 7th Maryland Regiment, a company of the Continental Army, started active service in 1776.
The 7th Maryland Regiment was started in 1776 and ended in 1783.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is a medical school in Bangladesh. It was founded in 2013 and is owned by the government.
Shaheed Tajuddin Ahmad Medical College is in Bangladesh.
Carla Juri is a Swiss actress who was born on 2 January 1985.
Carla Juri was born in 1985.
Urumqi Air is a low-cost airline headquartered in Ürümqi, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
The headquarters of Urumqi Air are located in Ürümqi.
Agadam, written in Tamil, was produced by Isaq and directed by Isaq. Isaq, whose real name is Mohamad Issack, is an Indian national working for the Kollywood company as a film producer and director.
Agadam was written by Mohamad Issack, produced by Mohamad Issack and directed by Mohamad Issack.
Varano Borghi is a municipality in the Province of Varese, Lombardy, Italy.
Varano Borghi is located in Lombardy and has a population of 3.3.
The nationality of Nicolae Xenopol, who died in Tokyo, is Romania. His occupation was as an Ambassador.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia and died in Tokyo in December 1917. He was a Romanian national.
The nationality of Nicolae Xenopol, who died in Tokyo, is Romania. His occupation was as an Ambassador.
Nicolae Xenopol was born in Iași, Moldavia and died in Tokyo, Japan in December 1917.
Harlow Town railway station is located in Harlow, Essex, England. It is on the West Anglia Main Line.
Harlow Town railway station is located in the district of Harlow and opened in 1842. The station is on the West Anglia Main Line.
Walter Thomas Beeson was born in Oxford on 10 February 1889. He had two children, Rose Eliza Beeson and Walter Thomas Beeson.
Cyril Beeson was born in 1889 in Oxford and died in 1975.
American Marion McCorry was born October 10th, 1945 and is a film and television actress.
Marion McCorry was born in 1945.
Sumiko Sakamoto was born in Osaka, Japan on 26 November 1936.
Sumiko Sakamoto is from Japan.
Victor Valley High School is located in Victorville, California, United States.
Victor Valley High School is located in California.
Kearns-Saint Ann School was founded in 1899 in the state of Utah.
Kearns-Saint Ann Catholic School was founded in 1899 in the state of Utah.
Manning Island is located in Antarctica.
Manning Island is located in Antarctica.
British Callum Hawkins was born on 22 June 1992. He is a marathon runner.
Callum Hawkins is British.
British Callum Hawkins was born on 22 June 1992. He is a distance runner who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics. He is a marathoner.
British Callum Hawkins, who was born in Elderslie, plays for Butler University.
The University of the West of Scotland is his almaMater and he plays for Butler University. He is an athlete and has won awards in the fields of mechanical engineering.
British Callum Hawkins, who was born in Elderslie, plays for Butler University and the University of the West of Scotland.
Jalal Khoury was born in Beirut on 28 May 1933. He worked as a theatre director, playwright, comedian and artistic editor. He died on 3 December 2017.
Jalal Khoury was born in Beirut and lives in Beirut.
Ramiro was born in Oviedo and died on 1 February 850. He was married to Paterna and died in his palace at Santa Mara del Naranco, Mount Naranco, Oviedo. His burial place is the Pantheon of Asturian Kings and the Cathedral of San Salvador, Oviedo.
Ramiro I of Asturias was born in Oviedo and died in Oviedo. He was married to Paterna.
The Bristol Beaufighter aircraft of 404 Squadron, part of the Royal Canadian Air Force, was involved in World War II. Vorpostenboot, located in Skaggerak off Justy, Norway, is an opponent of the Bristol Beaufighter aircraft of 404 Squadron.
The list of shipwrecks in October 1944 includes the ship Vorpostenboot.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II (alias John-Chrysostome Brauneis II) was born in Quebec City on 26 January 1814. He was a composer, organist and music educator. He died in Montreal on 11 August 1871.
Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis II died in Montreal.
The band Replikas are associated with the record label Peyote Music. They released the album Zerre, which was released in November 2008.
Zerre is signed to the record label Peyote and is an artist for the band Replikas.
American Benjamin Brooks Thomas was born on November 28th, 1931 and died on February 5th, 2010. He worked as a lawyer and an executive for Harper & Row.
Brooks Thomas was born in 1931 and died in 2010.
Paul Terry is the producer of Small Town Sheriff which is a silent animated short subject and part of the Aesop's Fables film series. Small Town Sheriff was created at Fables Studios.
Paul Terry is the producer of Small Town Sheriff which was made at Fables Studios.
Sylvia Morales was born in Phoenix, Arizona in 1943. A Mexican-American, she was a film director, writer, editor and producer. Sylvia Morales is known for establishing a Latino cinema.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American who studied at UCLA.
Sylvia Morales is a Mexican-American who started her career in 1971. She studied film at UCLA.
Sylvia Morales won the Rockefeller Fellowship Award in media and was a speaker at the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women.
Carolyn, a singer and guitarist, started performing in 1995 and is signed to the label Reunion Records.
Carolyn Arends started performing in 1995 and is signed to Reunion Records and Signpost Music.
Pour Lui, a member of the band BiS, started his career in 2009 and ended it in 2018. He is associated with the band DiPROMiSE, a farewell song.
Pour Lui started his career in 2009 and is a member of the band BiS. He is also associated with the band BiS.
Abdul Satar Sirat was born in Afghanistan in 2001.
Abdul Satar Sirat was born in Afghanistan.
Keydan is a village in the country of Iran. It has a population of 909 and is located in the Shirvan Rural District, Central District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province. Keydan has the alias of Khaidn and Kheydn.
Keydan is a village settlement in Iran which has a population of 909.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna, Romagna. He plays for A.C. Cesena and Nebil. A.C. Cesena is located in Romagna.
Kadir Caidi was born in Ravenna.
The Universal Engineering College is located in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur District, Kerala, India. It is a private engineering college.
The Universal Engineering College is located in Irinjalakuda, Kerala, India.
Gerran Lyn Howell is a Welsh national who was born on 25 February 1991. He began his career in 2006 and is an actor, director and writer. He is known for playing Vladimir Dracula, which is a character in the CBBC television series.
Gerran Howell was born in 1991 in Wales under the name Gerran Lyn Howell. He began his career in 2006.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is located in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. It is an agricultural institute.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is located in Iran.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute is located in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. Its total population is 14 and it is an agricultural institute.
Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute has a population of 14 and is located in Iran.
Alberto Sordi is an Italian national who was born on June 15th, 1920. He was an actor, singer, director, screenwriter and comedian. He died on February 24th, 2003.
Alberto Sordi was born in Rome in 1920 and died in Rome in 2003.
Gastone Moschin was born in 1929.
Italian national Gastone Moschin was born on 8 June 1929 and died on 4 September 2017. He worked as a stage, television and film actor.
Muri Dam is a dam constructed in 1980 in Hokkaido, Japan.
Muri Dam is a dam located in Hokkaido, Japan. It was constructed in 1980.
The BMW 1 Series, manufactured by BMW, is a subcompact executive car (alias C-segment). It was produced in 2004.
The BMW 1 Series is manufactured by BMW.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu is located in Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Iran. It has a total population of 43 and a settlement type of village. The alias of Mazraeh-ye Pishu is Mazra' eh-ye Psh.
Mazraeh-ye Pishu is a village in Iran with a population of 43.
Petralia Sottana is a settlement in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, Italy. Sicily is an island.
Petralia Sottana is from the Sicily region of Italy.
The Fort Portal Hospital in Uganda is a public hospital owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health and has the alias of Regional Referral Hospitals.
Fort Portal Hospital is in Uganda.
Carlo Broglia was born in Chieri, Italy on 16 September 1552. He began his term on 20 November 1592 and died in Italy. He was Archbishop of Turin and Pope Clement VIII was his papacy.
Carlo Broglia was born in Chieri, Italy and died in Italy. He was the Archbishop of Turin.
The documentary film The Shakshuka System was made in 2008 in Israel. It was written by investigative journalist Mickey Rosenthal and directed by Ilan Abudi. The Shakshuka System uses Hebrew as a language and was directed by Ilan Abudi.
The Shakshuka System was written by Ilan Abudi, directed by Ilan Abudi and written in Hebrew.
Dinghurst fort is a univallate hillfort settlement in Somerset, England. It is located in the region of Churchill and is from the Iron Age.
Dinghurst fort is located in Somerset.
The Welsh mythology author Pair Dadeni is a magical cauldron known to revive the dead. He is also known as The Cauldron of Rebirth and is part of the second branch of Mabinogi.
The name of Pair Dadeni is The Cauldron of Rebirth.
The Cauldron of Rebirth is the name of Pair Dadeni which is owned by Bendigeidfran and affiliated with Efnisien.
The Welsh mythology character Pair Dadeni is also known as The Cauldron of Rebirth. He is a Welsh literature writer and has a magical cauldron that can revive the dead.
Pair Dadeni, known for restoring the dead to life, is affiliated with Matholwch.
The Cauldron of Rebirth is the name of Pair Dadeni, which is owned by Bendigeidfran and affiliated with Matholwch and Efnisien.
Itou Noe is a Japanese national who is a feminist. She began her career in 1915 and ended it in 1916. Yamakawa Kikue was active in Japan and was known for a debate on the abolition of prostitution. Seito is a first female literary magazine.
Yamakawa Kikue was born in Japan and died in Japan.
Yamakawa Kikue was born in 1908 and is located in Tokyo. His almaMater is Joshi Eigaku Juku, who has the alias of TsudaJuku University and is a private women's college.
Yamakawa Kikue was born in Tokyo, Japan and died in Tokyo.
Ilija Krstevski was born on 21 February 1993 and is a Macedonian handball player for the PIF club.
Ilija Krstevski is a Macedonian national.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is a village in the Gmina Wierzbinek district of Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland.
Nowiny Kryszkowskie is located in Poland.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Duke Blue Devils, a football team based at the Wallace Wade Stadium. The team competed in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season and play their home games at the Wallace Wade Stadium. The team's title is Duke University.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team play their home matches at the Wallace Wade Stadium.
David Cutcliffe is the fifth year head coach of the Blue Devils, who play their home matches at the Wallace Wade Stadium. The Blue Devils play in the Coastal Division and the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The 2012 Duke Blue Devils football team is based at the Wallace Wade Stadium. They play in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Kirchzarten Airfield is located in Kirchzarten, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany. It is an unpaved airfield.
The Kirchzarten Airfield is located in the city of Freiburg, Kirchzarten, Germany.
Halperin was born in Austria and died in Israel. He resides in Israel and was born in 1933.
Rafael Halperin was born in Austria and ended his career in 1973. He died in Israel.
Moldavian mineralogist and chemist Petru Poni was born on 4 January 1841. He was a Romanian national. He died on 2 April 1925.
Romanian national Petru Poni was born in 1841 in Săcărești and died in 1925 in Iași.
Brooke Langton is an American actress who was born on 27 November 1970.
Brooke Langton was born in Arizona in 1970 and began her career in 1992.
Giovanni De Agostini, a geographer, is a key person in It which was founded in 1901 and is located in Rome, Italy.
De Agostini was founded in 1901.
Roncesvalles Pass, also known as Roncevaux Pass, is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees region of Spain. It is 1057 m high.
Roncevaux Pass, also known as the Pass of Roncesvalles, is located in Spain.
The Canyon de Chelly National Monument is located in Four Corners, Navajo Nation, Arizona. It was completed on April 1st, 1931 and has the alias of d'SHAY. It is part of the National Park Service.
Canyon de Chelly National Monument is located in Arizona.
Tabayin Township is a settlement type of township. It is located in the Shwebo District, Sagaing Division, Burma.
Tabayin Township is located in Burma.
S Curtis Smith House is located at 56 Fairmont Avenue, Newton, Massachusetts. It was constructed in 1883 and is a 2-1/2 story wood frame historic house. It is known as one of Newton's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses.
S Curtis Smith House was constructed in 1883.
American-Haitian DJ Yves Mondesir was born October 12th, 1975. He performs hip hop music and goes by the alias DJ Whoo Kid.
DJ Whoo Kid is a member of G-Unit and associated with DJ Whoo Kid.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born in Rheydt, Düsseldorf, on 29 October 1897. Rheydt is an industrial town.
Joseph Goebbels, born Paul Joseph Goebbels, was born in Rheydt and served as Chancellor of Germany.
Paul Joseph Goebbels was born in Rheydt, Düsseldorf, on 29 October 1897. Rheydt is an industrial town.
Joseph Goebbels was born in Rheydt as Paul Joseph Goebbels. He was the Chancellor of Germany and died in Berlin.
The Normals, who ended their career in 2002, are owned by ForeFront Records. They have produced three albums and received two GMA Dove Award nominations.
The Normals began their career in 1998 and ended it in 2002.
Wildparkstadion is a football stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Wildparkstadion is located in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Sorkh Geriveh is a village in Mazandaran Province, Iran. He is also known by the aliases of Surkhchari, Sorkh Chr and Sorkh Geryeh. He is in the Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District and Behshahr County.
Sorkh Geriveh is a village settlement in Iran.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh (alias eydarbd-e Meyheh) is a village in Iran. It is located in the Central District, Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province. It has a total population of 181.
Heydarabad-e Meyheh is a village in Iran which has a population of 181.
Mexican American Ben T. Reyes was born in Burton, Texas on February 16th, 1947. He lives in Denver Harbor, Houston.
Ben Reyes was born in Texas and lives in Houston.
Claudia Romani was born in L'Aquila, Italy on April 14th, 1982.
Claudia Romani was born in L'Aquila, Italy. She is an Italian national and a model.
Great Central Mines Limited was founded on 19 December 1996 and was preceded by Great Central Mines NL.
Great Central Mines NL preceded Great Central Mines NL.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is located in Baden-Baden and is known as the Grosser Sprint-Preis. It was created in 1998 and is in the class of Group 3.
The Badener Sprint-Cup is located in Baden-Baden, Germany and is in the class of Group 3.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla is located in the Bijnavand Rural District, Zagros District, Chardavol County, Ilam Province, Iran. It has the alias Kaleh Qaţr-e Sofla and the alias Kaleh Qaţr-e Sofla.
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla is located in Iran and has a population of 95. It is a village.
The pop version of Wind of Time has the title Tears in Heaven.
Wind of Time was written by Loona and has the titles Tears in Heaven and If Only. It is a pop version.
Michael Berenbaum was born in Newark, New Jersey on 31 July 1945. He is an American who is a writer, filmmaker and rabbi. He is also a scholar and a rabbi.
Michael Berenbaum was born in 1945 and his religion is Judaism.
Padiham, alias PAD-i-m, is a small town in Lancashire, England. It is a civil parish and is located at River Calder.
Padiham is located in Lancashire, England.
Gol-e Darakht is a village settlement in Iran. It has a population of 20. It is located in the district of Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District, in the county of Nehbandan County, in the province of South Khorasan Province.
Gol-e Darakht is a village in Iran with a population of 20.
Watkins was born in Oxfordshire, Oxfordshire. He studied at Durham University and Abingdon School. His almaMater was Abingdon School.
Nathaniel Watkins was born in Oxfordshire.
Vaikule was born in Csis, Latvia on 31 March 1954.
Laima Vaikule was born in Csis, Latvia in 1954. She is an actress.
Salomone Leclercq was born on 15 November 1745 and died on 2 September 1792. His birth name was Guillaume-Nicolas-Louis Leclercq and his religion was Roman Catholic. Salomone Leclercq was a French national and fought in the French Revolution.
Salomone Leclercq was born in 1745 and died in Paris in 1792.
Al-Bab District is a district in the Aleppo Governorate in Syria.
Al-Bab District is a district.
Caeciliusetae is part of the order of Psocomorpha and Psocoptera.
Caeciliusetae is part of the order of Psocomorpha and Psocoptera.
Pocci is a German national who is a poet, dramatist, painter and composer. He is the author of 45 original works including Punch and Judy Show. He is also the owner of the Munich Marionette Theatre.
Count Franz Pocci was born Franz Graf von Pocci in Munich, Germany. He was influenced by Kasperl and died in Munich.
Khandoli Dam is a dam in Jharkhand, India. Its alias is.
Khandoli Dam is located in Jharkhand, Giridih, India.
Aghjeh is located in the Atrak Rural District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. It has a population of 284 and a settlement type of village. Aghjeh's alias is ''Aghjeh''.
Aghjeh, a village in Iran, has a population of 284 people.
The Jerusalem Kings are located in Jerusalem and preceded the Jerusalem Lions.
Jerusalem Kings is located in Jerusalem.
Mount Keltie is part of the Conway Range in Antarctica and is 2,640 metres high.
Mount Keltie is located in Antarctica.
The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team is located in Itta Bena, Mississippi and play at the Harrison HPER Complex. They are part of the Southwestern Athletic Conference and have the title Mississippi Valley State University.
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team play in the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Italian Roberto Car was born in Trieste on 3 January 1947. He worked as a physicist in the field of molecular dynamics.
Roberto Car was born in Trieste.
An account of the life of Ubbo Emmius was written by Nicolaus Mulerius and published in Groningen in 1638. Nicolaus Mulerius died in 1630.
Nicolaus Mulerius was born in Bruges and died in Groningen.
The Old Pike Inn in New Albany, Floyd County, Indiana was constructed in 1840. It is a two-story brick tavern.
The Old Pike Inn was built in 1840.
Sunil Dhaniram is a Canadian cricketer who picked up his maiden fifer in ODI history at the age of 39 years and 256 days.
Sunil Dhaniram was born in Guyana in Canada.
The Sill Tenant House is a historic home built in 1870 in Jerusalem, Yates County, New York.
The Sill Tenant House was constructed in 1870.
The Eide Church is located in Norway.
The Church of Norway is located in the city of Hustadvika Municipality in the county of Mre og Romsdal, Norway. It is also known as the Eide Church which has a parish church.
Hy Gotkin was born in Brooklyn and is Jewish. He attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn. He played basketball for St John's University and won the NIT championship in 1942. He retired in 1944.
Hy Gotkin was born in Brooklyn and ended his career in 1944.
Hyman  Hy '' Gotkin was born in Brooklyn on August 16th, 1922. He was an American and a professional basketball player. He was Jewish and attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn. He died on April 11th, 2004.
Hy Gotkin, an American, was born in Brooklyn and ended his career in 1944.
Qareh Bater (alias Qareh Bţer) is a village in Iran. It has a population of 144 and is located in the Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province.
Qareh Bater is a village in Iran which has a population of 144.
The Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Aktiengesellschaft (alias Deschimag) is a cooperation founded in 1926 in Bremen. Its parent company is AG Weser, which is located in Bremen.
Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau was founded in 1926 and is located in Bremen, Germany.
Vietnamese-American magician, singer and comedian Naathan Phan was born on 20 August 1988.
Naathan Phan was born in 1988.
Veliki Kozjak (alias Kozjak) is a mountain cliff located in Dalmatian Zagora, Croatia.
Veliki Kozjak is located in the area of Croatia.
Jean Courtecuisse was born in Le Mans in 1350. He was a French national and a theologian. He was the bishop of Paris and died in Geneva on 4 March 1423.
Jean Courtecuisse died in Geneva.
Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd is an Indian automaker that produces the Mahindra Thar. The Mahindra Thar is classed as an SUV and is a type of off-road Jeep CJ.
The Mahindra Thar is classed as an SUV.
Humberto Martins Duarte is a Brazilian actor who was born on 14 April 1961.
Humberto Martins Duarte was born in 1961.
American Tatjana Wood was born in Darmstadt, Germany as Tatjana Weintraub. She is an artist and comic book colorist.
Tatjana Wood, born Tatjana Weintraub, was born in Darmstadt, Germany.
SnOasis is a ski centre constructed in 2004 in Great Blakenham.
SnOasis is located in Great Blakenham, Suffolk.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department of France.
La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is located in France.
The 11th Street Bridge was constructed in 1915 and is located at the Arkansas River in the city of Tulsa, Oklahoma.
11th Street Bridge was constructed in 1915.
Petrinum is a Latin school founded in Dorsten in 1642. The Franciscan Order is part of the Westphalian Order which was founded in 1488.
The Gymnasium Petrinum Dorsten was founded in 1642 and is located in the city of Dorsten.
American Roger Mathey is a playwright, actor, producer and filmmaker. His plays are located in Bakersfield, San Francisco, Orange County and Denver.
Roger Mathey lives in California.
Amtrak opened in 1994.
Camarillo station, which opened in 1994, serves Amtrak.
Ada Annie Rae-Arthur was born on June 19th, 1888 and was a pioneer. Ada Annie Rae-Arthur was located in Hesquiat Harbour, Clayoquot Sound, west coast of Vancouver Island and died on April 28th, 1985. Ada Annie Rae-Arthur's alias was Ada Annie Lawson.
Cougar Annie died in 1985.
British artist Richard John Spare was born in 1951. He is known for his drypoints, etchings and oil paintings.
Richard John Spare, a British national, was born Richard Spare.
Bonthorpe is a hamlet in East Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England.
Bonthorpe is located in the county of Lincolnshire, England.
The architect of Portland Plaza was DMJM and it was constructed in 1973.
The architect of Portland Plaza is DMJM.
Australia's Ambassador to France, Walker, was born in 1959 and lives in Paris.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Australia and died in Paris.
Walker served as President of the Council between June 1956 and June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in June 1956 and died in June 1957.
Edward Ronald Walker was born on 26 January 1907 and died on 28 November 1988. He was an Australian national who worked as a diplomat, an economist and the Permanent Representative of Australia to the United Nations. He was located in Germany, Japan and France. His real name was Sir.
Edward Ronald Walker was born in Cobar, Australia in 1907. He attended the University of Sydney and died in Paris in 1988. He was married to Louise Clementine Donckers.
Bouly de Lesdain, who died in 1975, was married to American explorer Martha Mailey.
Jacques Bouly de Lesdain was born in Dunkirk, France in 1880. He was married to Martha Mailey and died in 1975.
Rocchetta Belbo is a municipality in the Piedmont region of the Province of Cuneo. The nationality of Rocchetta Belbo is Italian.
Rocchetta Belbo is from the Piedmont region.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila in 1647.
Domingo de Valencia was born in Manila.
Ron Caragher is the fourth-year head coach of the 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team. The team is affiliated with San Jose State University and competed in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The home ground of the team is the Spartan Stadium.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team played at home and on the road against the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team is affiliated with San Jose State University and play in the Mountain West Conference in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They are based at the Spartan Stadium and play their home matches against the Spartans. Ron Caragher is the fourth-year head coach of the Spartans.
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team plays in the Mountain West Conference. They are in the West Division division.
The registered office of ELSTAT is located in Piraeus, a municipality in Greece. ELSTAT owns a central office and 50 regional Statistical Offices.
The headquarters of the Hellenic Statistical Authority are located in Piraeus, Greece.
Edward Hospital & Health Services is a major healthcare provider located in Naperville, DuPage County, Illinois. The alias of Edward Hospital & Health Services is Edward Hospital Services Corporation. Naperville is a suburban settlement.
Edward Hospital in Illinois was opened in 1907.
Windows MultiPoint Server 2012 was developed by Microsoft and was released on November 27th 2012.
Windows MultiPoint Server was developed by Microsoft.
Born in Nantwich, he died in Leicester.
Frederick Hassall was born in Nantwich and died in Leicestershire.
Alpha Leporis is in the class F0 Ib, which is a lower luminosity supergiant star.
Alpha Leporis is in the class F0 Ib.
American Gregory Porter was born on November 4th, 1971. He is a singer and actor as well as a songwriter.
Gregory Porter is an actor and songwriter who performs jazz music.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk's ground is in Donetsk, Ukraine and they play futsal.
MFC Shakhtar Donetsk's ground is in Donetsk, Ukraine.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist who was a winner in the Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition in 2005.
Lynette Washington performs jazz music.
Leiren is a village in Grane, Nordland, Norway. It is also known as Leira. Grane is a municipality and Leiren is a village.
Leiren is a synonym for Leira and is found in Nordland, Norway.
Manila, Philippines is the hometown of Miss Earth 2004 finalist and Philippine Miss Earth 2004. She was one of the top 8 finalist in the grand coronation night.
Tamera Szijarto's hometown is Manila, Philippines.
Tamera Szijarto was born Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto in the Philippines. She is a Hungarian-Filipino beauty queen and entrepreneur.
Tamera Szijarto, born Tamera Marie Lagac Szijarto, was Miss Philippines Earth 2004 in Manila, Philippines.
The Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is located in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales. It was constructed in 1891 and is owned by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
The RNLI Pwllheli Lifeboat Station is located in Pwllheli, Gwynedd, Wales.
King-Hooton House is a historic home located in Pensacola, Florida.
King-Hooton House is located in Florida.
Motion Blur is a computer game developer located in Ataşehir, Istanbul. It was founded in 2004 and has the alias of Motion Blur Game Studio.
Motion Blur was founded in Ataşehir in 2004.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in 1454 and died on 9 September 1503. He was the Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg, Count of Neuchâtel and Lord of Badenweiler. Margaret of Vienne and Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg are the children of Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in 1454 and died on 9 September 1503. He was the Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg, Count of Neuchâtel. He started his career in 1487 and died in 1503. Margaret of Vienne was one of his children.
Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was born in Neuchâtel and died in Montpellier. He was married to Maria of Savoy.
Chobepur is a suburb of Kanpur, India. It has a population of 2000.
Naramau is a suburb settlement in India.
American Charles Sellier was born November 9th, 1943 and died January 31st, 2011. He was a television producer, screenwriter, director and novelist who created the American book and television series.
Charles Sellier was born in 1943 and died in 2011.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou, China on 13 December 1993. He is a footballer who plays for Kunshan FC and is a member of the China League Two. His native language is Chinese. His alias is.
Ruan Yang was born in Hangzhou.
Zaven Andriasian, alias Andriasyan, was born on 11 March 1989 in Yerevan, Armenia. He is a chess grandmaster and has been awarded the title of World Junior Chess Champion.
Zaven Andriasian was born in Yerevan.
Fukagawa Route, also known as Route 9, is part of the Shuto Expressway system and is located in the Greater Tokyo area. It is 5.3 km long and starts in the Tokyo ward of Ch and ends in the ward of Kt.
The Fukagawa Route ends in Kt.
Javanfekr was born on 27 February 2012 and is a Presidential Advisor of Press Affairs. He works for the Iran Press and Cultural Institute which is part of the IRNA.
Ali Akbar Javanfekr was born in Tehran, Iran. He resides in Tehran and works for the IRNA.
Sporobolomyces is a fungal genus of the order Sporidiobolales.
Sporobolomyces belongs to the order of Sporidiobolales and has a subdivision rank of Species.
Barnes, who started collecting specimens of lichen in 1913, used to play for the Dublin Naturalists'Field Club.
Irish national Eileen Barnes was born in Dublin and died in Dublin.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is a commercial bank located in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China.
Shenzhen City Commercial Bank is located in Shenzhen.
Senegalese politician Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack on June 14th, 1930. He died on December 13th, 2006.
Babacar Ba was born in Kaolack.
Otoyol 7 is located in Istanbul and is a toll motorway. It is also known as Motorway 7 and the Northern Marmara Motorway.
Otoyol 7's route ends in Akyaz, Istanbul.
Sulichay (alias Slchy) is a village in Iran. It has a population of 107 and is located in the Zanjan County, Zanjan Province. Sulichay is part of the Central District and Bonab Rural District.
Sulichay is a village in Iran which has a population of 107.
Annoying is a single radio station hosted by YleX. Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland and began his career in 2011. He ended his career in 2011.
Ronya was born in Siuntio, Finland and began his career in 2011. He ended his career in 2011.
Bridgeton railway station is located in the district of Bridgeton, Glasgow, Scotland. It is operated by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Argyle Line which runs from Glasgow Central.
Bridgeton railway station is located in the district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton railway station, opened in 1895, is located in the district of Glasgow.
Bridgeton Cross Station was opened in 1895 and the line between Glasgow Green and Rutherglen was opened in the same year. The line between Glasgow Green and Rutherglen is owned by the Glasgow Central Railway.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is a settlement in the district of Gmina Kodrb, Radomsko County, ód Voivodeship, Poland.
Bugaj Zakrzewski is from Poland.
Shahbag is a neighbourhood in Dhaka where once the biggest hotel was located. The name of the neighbourhood is Shahbag and the hotel is now a defunct hotel.
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University is located in Shahbag, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Saraukhola is located in the Dhawalagiri Zone, Parbat District, Nepal. It has a total population of 2457 and is managed by a village development committee.
Saraukhola is located in Nepal and has a population of 2457.
Davit Harutyunyan was born in Yerevan on March 5th, 1963. He is an Armenian national who worked as a politician and was the deputy minister of justice. His alias is David and he began his term in 1997 and ended it in 1998.
Davit Harutyunyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia and worked as the Minister of Justice.
Ciudad Nueva is located in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. It is a sector settlement in the Distrito Nacional district.
Ciudad Nueva is in the Dominican Republic.
39 % of the students at the University of Tulsa are from Oklahoma.
The University of Tulsa is located in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.
Khammam, Andhra Pradesh is located in Telangana, India.
Srinivasa Reddy was born in Khammam in Telangana and started his career in 2001.
The Sheepdogs are touring performers from Canada, the USA, Eastern and Western Europe, Australia and the UK.
The Sheepdogs are from Canada.
The Sheepdogs started performing in 2006 and recorded their first album at the Cosmic Pad Studios in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
The Sheepdogs are from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. They started their career in 2006 and have an album called Feeling Good.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party.
N.Y. Hanumanthappa was born in Chitradurga, Karnataka.
Victor Dourlen was born in Dunkerque and began his career in 1799. He was a pupil at the Paris Conservatory where he worked with Charles-Simon Catel, François-Joseph Gossec and Benoit Mozin.
Victor Dourlen died in Paris.
Mick Hucknall wrote the song "Your Mirror" which was released in July 1992. The song is a song by the British soul and pop band Simply Red.
Your Mirror was released in July 1992.
The Benguet State University is located in La Trinidad, Benguet, Philippines. It is a state university.
Benguet State University is located in the province of Benguet, Philippines.
The Battle of Villarrobledo was a battle that took place in Villarrobledo on 20 September 1836 during the First Carlist War.
The Battle of Villarrobledo took place in Villarrobledo.
Francis Theodore Page Burt was born on 14 June 1918 and died on 8 September 2004. He was an Australian national who worked as a jurist. He started his career in 1977 and ended it in 1993. He was the Governor of Western Australia and the Chief Justice of Western Australia. He was a Sir.
Francis Burt was born in Perth and his name was Francis Theodore Page Burt. He was an Australian national who worked as the Governor of Western Australia and the Chief Justice of Western Australia. He died in Perth. He was in office on the 11th of January, 2016.
Thor Breien is a Norwegian judge who was born on 9 February 1899.
Thor Breien, a Norwegian national, was born in 1899.
He died on 9 April 1984 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Randal Woollatt was born in Claygate, Surrey and died in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Salisbury Sixth Form College (alias S6C) is a free school sixth form in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Salisbury Sixth Form College in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England was founded in 2014.
Unionist politician Joan Carson was born on 29 January 1935 and worked in Northern Ireland.
Joan Carson was born in Enniskillen and lives in Enniskillen. She worked in Northern Ireland.
The Liverbirds are an all-female rock band from Liverpool, England. They started their career in 1963 and ended it in 1968.
The Liverbirds, from Liverpool, started their career in 1963 and ended it in 1968.
Ma Qi, a member of the Ma Zhongying family, died in Xining, Qinghai, China, on 5 August 1931.
Ma Qi was born in Gansu and died in Xining, Qinghai.
A weatherboard signal box, constructed in 1887, is owned by RailCorp.
Albion Park railway station in Australia was opened in 1887. It is operated by NSW TrainLink and owned by RailCorp.
The governing body of the temple, Kerala Vasthu Vidya, is the Sree Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
The governing body of the Palkulangara Devi Temple in Palkulangara, Kerala, India is the Palkulangara Devi Temple Trust.
Charles Stewart is the incumbent Member of Parliament and Alberta Premier. He was awarded the new Jasper-Edson electoral district.
Walter Frederick Kuhl was born in Alberta and worked as a teacher in the region of Jasper-Edson.
Gariffa is a village located on the banks of the Hooghly River. He was born in 1791 and lives in Kolkata.
Ramkamal Sen was born in Gariffa and died in Kolkata.
Augustusburg is a town in the Free State of Saxony in the district of Mittelsachsen, Germany.
Augustusburg is in the district of Mittelsachsen in Germany.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is located in Attercliffe, Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. It is an all-through school.
Oasis Academy Don Valley is located in Sheffield, England and was founded in 2015.
Abraham Vanderveer was born in 1781 in New York. He worked as a U.S. Representative and died on July 21st, 1839.
Abraham Vanderveer was from New York and died in Brooklyn.
Johann Ernst Eberlin was born in Inzell, Bavaria and lives in Salzburg.
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser was born in Inzell and died in Salzburg.
SC 322 is located in Pinckneyville, York County and has a route junction with SC 49 ( Lockhart Road ).
South Carolina Highway 322 is in the county of York in the state of SC.
South Carolina is a state in the United States. It is the location of South Carolina Highway 322 which has the alias of SC 322 and is 44417 in length.
South Carolina Highway 322 is located in McConnells, SC.
Duke Robillard is a key member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds and started performing in 1981. He is signed to the record label Rounder Records.
Duke Robillard started performing in 1967 and ended his career in 1990. He plays the guitar and performs blues music.
Clovis West High School in California was founded in 1976 and is ranked 206th.
Clovis West High School in California was founded in 1976.
Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm, Norway on October 23rd, 1949. He is a writer.
Kaj Skagen was born in Strandebarm.
Hainburg an der Donau is a town in Bruck an der Leitha district, Lower Austria.
Hainburg an der Donau is in Austria.
Namchi is the headquarters of Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh which was founded in 2015. The Sangh is located in the district of Sikkim South and has unit offices in almost all the regions of Sikkim.
Namchi is the headquarters of the Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh which is located in Sikkim, India.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship is in Sousse, Tunisia. It is the 33rd staging of Africa's premier club volleyball competition and takes place between 20 and 29 March 2014.
The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was held in Sousse, Tunisia.
The Fletcher Peninsula is a broad ice-covered peninsula located in the Bellingshausen Sea in Antarctica.
The Fletcher Peninsula is in Antarctica.
The Isuzu Philippines Corporation is located in Laguna Technopark, Bian, Philippines. It was founded in 1995 and is in the manufacturing industry.
Isuzu Philippines is a manufacturer of buses located in Bian. It was founded in 1995.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar, also known as Chh-e Amq eşr, is a village in Iran. It is located in the district of Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, in the Razavi Khorasan Province.
Chah-e Amiq Hesar is a village settlement in Iran.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys, alias Rebd-e Re Veys, is located in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, Central District, Lorestan Province, Iran. It has a population of 180.
Rezaabad-e Reza Veys is a village settlement in Iran. It has a population of 180.
Sibille Attar was born in rebro, Sweden on 27 November 1981. She is French and is a singer, songwriter and producer.
Sibille Attar, alias Little Red Corvette, was born in rebro, Sweden and began his career in 2001.
The AMA Computer University is located in Quezon City, Philippines. It is known as AMA University and is the first ICT university in the Philippines and Asia.
AMA Computer University is owned by the AMA Group of Companies and is located in the Philippines.
James Robson Douglas was born in 1876 and began his term on January 21st, 1925. He was Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia and was in office on the 13th of January, 1925. He died in 1934. MacCallum Grant was before James Robson Douglas.
James Robson Douglas, who was Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, was in office on the 13th.
Sanski Most is located in the Una-Sana Canton, a town in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sanski Most is in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Games-X is a multi-format weekly computer and video game magazine published in the United Kingdom by Europress. It was released in May 1991.
Games-X is published by Europress in the United Kingdom.
Starhotels is a privately owned hotel chain with headquarters in Florence. It operates 23 hotels in Italy, London, Paris and New York City. One hotel is operated by Starhotels.
Starhotels, founded in 1980, is located in Florence, Italy.
Grlom u jagode (alias The Unpicked Strawberries) is a TV series from Yugoslavia. It was written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi. Grlom u jagode was first aired in 1975.
Grlom u jagode was written by Rajko Grli and directed by Sran Karanovi.
Carl Atwood Wiley was an American mathematician and engineer who was born December 30th, 1918 and died April 21st, 1985.
Carl A. Wiley was born in 1918 and died in 1985.
Bandudato has a population of 1426 and a total area of 30.65.
Bandudato is part of Aileu and has a population of 1426. It has a total area of 30.65 and a population of 30.65.
Bulla Regia is a town in Jendouba, Tunisia.
Bulla Regia is located in Tunisia.
La 78 is located in Parlange, Livonia and has a route junction with La-US 190.
Louisiana Highway 78 is located in Parlange, Livonia, Frisco, Louisiana.
Torynorrhina flammea is a beetle that belongs to the Scarabaeidae family and the Cetoniinae family.
Torynorrhina flammea belongs to the Scarabaeidae family and the Cetoniinae family.
The Miss Model of the World is an international model contest held in Istanbul, Turkey. It was founded in 1988 and it has attracted 42 countries to participate.
Miss Model of the World is located in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Loango National Park in Gabon is the owner of 1550 acres of extensive panoramas, leopards, elephants, buffalos and gorillas.
Loango National Park is located in Gabon.
Nemo link, a submarine cable 9000 long, is from Belgium.
Nemo link is a submarine cable from Belgium.
Blackpool Transport Services Ltd is a bus and tram operator located in Blackpool, Fylde. Its parent company is Blackpool Borough Council and its alias is BTS.
Blackpool Borough Council is the parent organisation of Blackpool Transport.
Rudbari Konar is located in the Goli Jan Rural District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province. It is a village with a population of 234 and an alias of Rudbari Konar, Rdbr Konr.
Rudbari Konar is a village located in Iran. It has a population of 234 and is a pushpin map.
Romeo Island is a rocky island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Romeo Island is located in Antarctica.
Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Marlborough Mall is located in Calgary, Alberta.
Mount Solomons is a peak located in the Sierra Nevada, California, United States. The Sierra Nevada is a mountain range.
Mount Solomons is located in California.
The Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority is a transit agency located in Arkansas. Its alias is Rock Region Metro and its official name is Rock Region METRO.
The Rock Region Metro is operated by the Rock Region Metropolitan Transit Authority.
The largest youth debate union is owned by William Aberhart High School, which is located in western Canada.
William Aberhart High School is located at 3009 Morley Trail NW, Canada.
Alto Pelado is a municipality in San Luis Province, Argentina. It is a village.
Alto Pelado is from Argentina.
Carla Tortelli was born Carla Maria Victoria Angelina Teresa Apollonia Lozupone Tortelli LeBec. She worked as a waitress and starred in an American television show with Rhea Perlman.
Carla Tortelli is an American who appeared in the series Cheers.
Tommy Hill was born in Beckenham, Kent on 9 February 1985. He is a British national and a motorcycle road racer.
Tommy Hill was born in Kent.
William Barak is 85 years old and lives in Melbourne, Australia. The image of William Barak is located on the facade of an apartment building known as Swanston Square.
William Barak was born in Australia and died in Coranderrk.
The municipality, which was established on 28 August 2006, has a population of 69 and a total area of 14.93 square kilometres.
Olbramov, in the Czech Republic, has a population of 69 and a total area of 14.93.
Zhovkva Raion is a raion in the Lviv Oblast province of the Ukraine.
Zhovkva Raion is located in the country of Ukraine.
William Friese-Greene was born on 7 September 1855 and died on 5 May 1921. He was an English national who worked as an inventor and a professional photographer. His place of death was William Edward Green.
William Friese-Greene was born in Bristol in 1855 and died in London in 1921.
Matty Rich was born on 26 November 1971 in Brooklyn, New York City. He was a film director, screenwriter and video game executive. His real name is Matthew Statisfield Richardson.
Matty Rich was born in 1971 under the name Matthew Statisfield Richardson.
Alfred Flores died in Malojloj, Guam on 6 February 2009. He was married to Ester Duenas Flores.
Alfred San Nicolas Flores was born in 1916 in Inarajan, Guam. He was married to Ester Duenas and died in Malojloj, Guam, in 2009.
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded in 1990 in Genoa. The label's name is Black Widow and they are a British progressive rock band.
Black Widow Records is located in Genoa and was founded in 1990.
The Frank Oppenheimer Fellowship Fund is known as the Exploratorium.
Frank Oppenheimer, born Frank Friedman Oppenheimer, is known for McCarthyism and the Exploratorium.
The Hardenbergh Manor is the alias of Isaac Hardenbergh House in Roxbury, Delaware County, New York, United States. It was constructed in 1790 and is a historic home.
Isaac Hardenbergh House was built in 1790.
URL Badman, released on 13 July 2014, is signed to the record label Parlophone.
URL Badman's record label is Parlophone.
The Zairian President, Mobutu Sese Seko, is the leader of the Special Presidential Division which was founded in 1985 and has the alias of DSP. The Division is an elite military force and the French Division Spéciale Présidentielle is its name.
The Special Presidential Division, a military force, was started in 1985 and ended in 1997.
John Augustus Roebling (born Johann August Röbling) was a civil engineer from Germany. He was an American who was born on June 12th, 1806 and died on July 22nd, 1869.
John A Roebling was born Johann August Röbling in 1806 and died in 1869.
Sphinctospermum is a flowering plant belonging to the family of Faboideae and Fabaceae.
Sphinctospermum is a member of the Faboideae family and the Fabaceae family.
Theloderma licin is a frog of the genus Theloderma and is found in peninsular Malaysia and southern Thailand. It is also known as The Smooth Frog.
Theloderma licin is a frog of the genus Theloderma.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born on 16 June 1862 in Ferreafe, Peru. He was a member of the Lambayeque region and died on 28 October 1930.
Manuel Antonio Mesones Muro was born in Ferreafe.
Hefei Urban Rail Transit, also known as Hefei Metro, is a rapid transit system located in Hefei, China.
Hefei Metro is located in Hefei, China and was opened in 2016.
Anton Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland on 22 April 1991. He is a snowboarder and performs snowboard cross.
Anton Lindfors was born in Porvoo, Finland.
Makhtumkuli Avenue, also known as Magtymguly Avenue, is located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Makhtumkuli Avenue is located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Norwegian is the native language of the Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers (alias NJFF) which is an organization for hunters and sport fishers in Norway.
The Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers is also known by the alias NJFF and their native language is Norwegian.
Lindi Region is an administrative region in Tanzania.
The Lindi Region is located in Tanzania.
The first of these displays is located at the only remaining fighter station, RAF Coleby Grange, Lincolnshire. It was first seen in September 1946.
RAF Coleby Grange is located in Lincolnshire, pushpinMap.
Samuel Ayscough was born in the city of Nottingham in 1745. He attended a free grammar school.
Samuel Ayscough, a British national, was born in 1745 and died in 1804.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani, alias Tolombeh-ye Mo'ammad Rafsanjani, is a village in Iran. He is in the Golestan Rural District, Central District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province.
Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Rafsanjani is a village settlement in Iran.
The Pipistrel Panthera is an aircraft made by the Slovenian company Pipistrel. It is lightweight, all-composite and highly efficient with four seats.
Pipistrel is the manufacturer of the Pipistrel Panthera.
James Ferguson Dowdell was born November 26th, 1818 in Alabama. He was a U.S. Representative and served as the second president of East Alabama College. He died September 6th, 1871.
James Ferguson Dowdell is from Alabama.
Peter Paul Anatol Lieven was born in London in 1960.
Anatol Lieven was born in London.
Mathias Fink was born in Grenoble in 1945. He is a French physicist and professor at ESPCI Paris. He is a current member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Mathias Fink was born in Grenoble, France and is a French national.
Virginia Field was born on 4 November 1917 as Margaret Cynthia Field. She was a British national who worked as a film actress. She died on 2 January 1992.
Virginia Field, born Margaret Cynthia Field, was born in London, England. She has Margaret Field Douglas as a child.
Jozef Tomko was born on 11 March 1924 in Udavské, Humenné, Czechoslovakia.
Jozef Tomko was born in Udavské.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi (alias Hvr Kand Qeshlqi) is a village in Iran. It is located in the Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, Central District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province. It has a total population of 65.
Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi is a village in Iran with a population of 65.
Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel on 9 October 1930. He is a French national and a road bicycle racer. He started his career in 1951 and ended it in 1957.
Jacques Vivier was born in Mareuil-sur-Bel.
Eric Kupper is a keyboardist, songwriter, record producer and remix artist from the United States. He is French and is a DJ.
Eric Kupper is a DJ.
The owner of the Red Marauder is Norman Mason who lives in Sunderland. He is a horse owner and has won The Grand National.
Norman Mason owns the Red Marauder.
Zak Orth was born on October 15th, 1970 and is an American. He is an actor who has appeared in the series Wet Hot American Summer, The Baxter, Melinda and Melinda, Music and Lyrics and NYC 22.
Zak Orth was born in 1970 under the name Adam Zachary Orth.
Aventura Mall is a shopping mall in the city of Aventura, Florida and is the 16th largest mall in the United States.
Aventura Mall is located in Florida.
Youcca Troubetzkoy was born on 12 December 1905 and died on 22 April 1992. She is a French-American and an actor. Her native language is Russian and her alias is ри иколаеви руеко.
Youcca Troubetzkoy (alias Nicolas Barclay) was born in 1905 and died in 1992.
Mount Ikoma is located in Japan at the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture.
Mount Ikoma is located in Japan.
Carol Shields is the author of 2002, her last novel. She won the 1998 Orange Prize for Fiction, the Giller Prize, the Governor General of Canada Literary Award, the Booker Prize and the 2003 Orange Prize for Fiction.
Carol Shields, a Canadian, began her career in 1972 and ended it in 2002.
Ibaraki Station is a railway station in the city of Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the JR Kyoto Line (alias Tkaid Main Line) which starts in Kyoto and ends in Osaka. The JR Kyoto Line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company.
JR Kyoto Line is the name of the Ibaraki Station in Japan which was opened in 1876.
The Glen Park Formation in Illinois is a geologic formation of the Carboniferous age.
The Glen Park Formation is Carboniferous.
The Hopkins Cottage is located in the city of Harrietstown, Saranac Lake, Franklin County, New York. It was constructed in 1923 and is a rectangular two-story three-bay cure cottage.
Hopkins Cottage was constructed in 1923.
American Jane Elizabeth Randall was born in Baltimore on 28 August 1990. She is a fashion model and was a participant in the fifteenth cycle of where she tied for 3rd overall.
Jane Randall was born in Baltimore under the name Jane Elizabeth Randall.
Arzo, a municipality in Switzerland, is a subdivision of Ticino and Mendrisio.
Arzo is a subdivision of Ticino and Mendrisio in Switzerland.
Labios Compartidos, alias Shared Lips, performs in English and is a single. They are a member of the Mana band and their seventh studio album was released in 2006.
Maná is the musical artist of Labios Compartidos, whose band is Labios Compartidos.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips was a Nigerian born in 1884. He was a conductor, organist, teacher and the father of Nigerian church music. He died on 10 July 1969.
Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips was born in 1884 and died in 1969. He was a Nigerian national.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team is affiliated with the University of California, Los Angeles. They play American football and were coached by Red Sanders. They competed in the 1955 college football season and won the first place award in the Pacific Coast Conference.
The 1955 UCLA Bruins football team competed in the Pacific Coast Conference.
Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena was born on 3 September 1951 and is a Sri Lankan national. He began his term on 9 January 2015 and ended it on 18 November 2019. He was the President of Sri Lanka and his order of office is the seventh.
Maithripala Sirisena was born Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena and worked as the President of Sri Lanka.
Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari has Chathurika, Daham and Dharani children. Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari has children Chathurika and Dharani. Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari is the spouse of Sirisena.
Maithripala Sirisena, who is married to Jayanthi Pushpa Kumari, worked as the Leader of the House. Maithripala Sirisena is the President of Sri Lanka, the Minister of Health and the Minister of Defence. Maithripala Sirisena has two children, Chathurika and Daham. Kundasale is Maithripala Sirisena's almaMater.
Jozini is located in the Umkhanyakude District, KwaZulu-Natal province, South Africa. Jozini is an administrative area.
Jozini is the name of the Jozini Local Municipality in KwaZulu-Natal.
Longcanoe Lake is located in Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada. It is a narrow lake.
Longcanoe Lake is located in Ontario, Canada.
Toledo 5 was succeeded by WTVG.
The CW affiliation is part of Toledo 5 which was founded in September 2014 and succeeded by WTVG.
Arvind Ghosh Memorial Lecture is an Indian religion called Islamism.
Arvind Ghosh is an Indian national.
Arheilgen is a district in Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany. It was founded in 1937.
Darmstadt-Arheilgen is located in the region of Darmstadt, in Germany.
Born on 14 January 1937, Abdool Raouf Bundhun was Vice President of Mauritius. His term of office began in 2002 and ended in 2007.
Raouf Bundhun is the Vice President of Mauritius.
53 U.S. Representatives are from California, where the conference was held at the United States House of Representatives.
The California State Senate is located in California.
Andrew Michael Edgar Seeley was born on 30 April 1982. He is a Canadian-American actor, singer and dancer who worked for the Walt Disney Company.
Drew Seeley was born in 1982 in Toronto, Ontario.
Henry FitzJames was born on 6 August 1673 and died on 16 December 1702. He was in the Jacobite peerage. Henry FitzJames was the son of King James II of England and VII of Scotland and also the son of Arabella Churchill, the daughter of the Duke of Marlborough.
Middlesex born Henry FitzJames was the Duke of Albemarle.
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment is the parent company of TT Games Limited, a British holding company.
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment is the parent company of TT Games.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American who was born on 12 March 1944. He is a physicist who worked as the Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American.
The bands Warfaze and Kronic are known for being the first and few bands in Bangladesh to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country. Aurthohin and Kronic are also known for being the first and few bands in Bangladesh to popularize Heavy Metal and Hard Rock in the country. The band Stentorian is located in Bangladesh.
Tanim Sufyani was born in Bangladesh and is a member of the bands Aurthohin and Stentorian.
The Battle of Carbisdale, also known as Invercarron, took place on 27 April 1650 in Culrain, Sutherland, Scotland. It was part of the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
The Battle of Carbisdale was fought in Culrain, Sutherland, Scotland. One of the combatants was the Scottish Royalists.
Antenna is the alias of the ANT1 satellite which was founded in 1996 in Greece. The satellite is located in North America and is owned by the ANT1 group. ANT1 is a popular private network and a subscription TV channel.
The ANT1 satellite is located in Greece.
Salband is a village settlement in the Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province. It has a population of 142 and the alias of Slband and Qeshlq-e Dmn.
Salband, a village in Iran, has a population of 142.
The Scandinavian Masters is an annual golf tournament held in Sweden which is part of the European Tour.
Scandinavian Masters is located in Sweden.
Major Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset. He is the son of Reverend William Tierney Elton and Lucy Caroline Elton. Sir Charles Abraham Elton, 6th Baronet, also has children.
Frederick Cockayne Elton was born in Whitestaunton, Somerset and rests in Whitestaunton.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian water polo player who was born on 24 May 1987 and plays for AN Brescia.
Alessandro Nora is an Italian national.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar, alias Tzeh Kand-e Afshr, is located in the country of Iran, in the Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province. Tazeh Kand-e Afshar has a total population of 304 and is a village.
Tazeh Kand-e Afshar is located in Iran and has a population of 304. It is a village.
The Suho Memorial Paper Museum is located in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan. It is a museum about paper and its native language is Chinese. Its alias is.
The Suho Paper Memorial Museum is a museum in Taipei, Taiwan.
Cuando Cubango (alias Kwando Kubango Volupale) is a province in Angola. It has a population of 534,002 and a total area of 199,049. The native name of Cuando Cubango is Umbundu.
Menongue is part of the Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.
Cuchi, Calai, Rivungo, Mavinga, Longa and Nancova are all part of this province.
Cuchi, Dirico, Mavinga and Menongue are all part of the Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.
Lij Kuh, alias Lch Kh, is a village settlement in Iran. It is located in the Central District of the Mazandaran Province, in the Goli Jan Rural District and is in the county of Tonekabon.
Lij Kuh is a village settlement in Iran.
Jaime Boreanaz was born on September 23rd, 1975 in Bergman, USA. He is an actress and a model. He was awarded the magazine's Playmate of the Month in January 1999.
Jaime Boreanaz is the alias of American Jaime Bergman, who was born in 1975 in Utah.
The California Bowl has titles in Toledo, Central Michigan, Ball State, Miami, Eastern Michigan, Northern Illinois and Western Michigan.
The California Bowl has the following titles: UNLV, Cal State Fullerton, San Jose State, Toledo, Central Michigan, Fresno State, Miami and Ball State.
The native name of Nanyue is Chinese and it was founded in? and died in 111 BC. The leader of Nanyue is Zhao Jiande who has the alias of  and is known as the last king.
The leader of Nanyue is Zhao Jiande.
Johann Puch was born on 27 June 1862 and was a Slovene national. He was a mechanic and inventor. He died on 19 July 1914. One of the most significant vehicle producers in Europe is Johann Puch.
Johann Puch (known as Puch) was born in Sakuak in 1862. He died in Austria-Hungary in 1914.
Innsbruck is the location of the Battles of Bergisel which took place on Bergisel hill. The Battles of Bergisel was fought in four battles and the combatants included the Tyrolese militiamen, the forces of Emperor Napoleon I of France, the Kingdom of Bavaria and a contingent of Austrian regular soldiers.
The Battles of Bergisel, which took place in Innsbruck and had a strength of 5,000, were fought in Bergisel. Tyroleans were among the combatants.
German slalom canoeist Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg on June 21st, 1973. He began his career in 1990 and ended it in 1996.
Oliver Fix was born in Augsburg.
The Chekmagushevsky District is located in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia. It is an administrative and municipal district, a raion, and its native language is Russian. Its alias is араириково.
Chekmagushevsky District is located in Russia.
The Tinayguk River is a tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in Alaska, United States. It has an area of 71.
Tinayguk River is in Alaska.
Richard Pankhurst was born in Stoke, London and lived in Manchester. He was the father of Margaret Marsden and Richard Pankhurst. He was born in 1806 and died in 1873.
Richard Pankhurst died in Manchester in 1898.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen is a football club based in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan. Their nationality is Kyrgyzstani and they play in the Kyrgyzstan League which is the top division in Kyrgyzstan.
FC Kara-Shoro Uzgen's ground is in Uzgen, Kyrgyzstan.
Safina is a political party in Kenya and the leader is He. He is a Kenyan national and is the vice chairman of the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya.
Paul Muite, a Kenyan national, is a leader in the Safina party.
St Peters is his club and he is located in Cardiff.
Maurice Turnbull, born Maurice Joseph Lawson Turnbull, was born in Cardiff, Wales.
American basketball player and coach David John Magley was born on 24 November 1959.
Dave Magley was born David John Magley and is an American. He attended high school in LaSalle.
Queensrche member and former Sledgeback member, Lundgren, was born in February 2009 and is associated with the band Queensrche.
Parker Lundgren is a former member of Sledgeback and Queensrche. He is also associated with the band Sledgeback.
Qabed, also known as Qobeyd, is a village in Iran. It is located in the Rivand Rural District, Central District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province. It has a population of 54.
Qabed is a village in Iran with a population of 54.
Cagthorpe is a suburb in Horncastle, Lincolnshire, England.
Cagthorpe is located in the county of Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph S. Chandler was born December 1st, 1861 and died September 18th, 1862. He worked as a major in the 114th Pennsylvania Infantry.
The 75th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment, which started its career in 1861, belongs to the military branch of Infantry.
Old Killingly High School is located at 185 Broad Street, Danielson, Connecticut. It was constructed in 1908 and is a historic school building.
Old Killingly High School was built in 1908.
The Future Movement is a type of anti-Syrian groups. Its leader is from Lebanon and he was involved in the 2011-2012 Syrian Uprising.
Rifaat Eid was born in Tripoli, Lebanon.
Abbots Bromley School is located in the village of Abbots Bromley, Staffordshire, England. Its alias is the School of S. Mary and S. Anne and it is also known as the Abbots Bromley School for Girls. It is a coeducational boarding school and a day independent school.
Abbots Bromley School was founded in 1874 in Staffordshire, England.
Isaac Carasso, alias Karasu, was born in 1874 in Ottoman Salonica (modern Thessaloniki, Greece). He died April 1939.
Isaac Carasso was born in Thessaloniki and died in Paris.
Kahriz-e Kalan (alias Kahriz-e Kalan) is a village in Iran, in the Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province. It has a population of 95.
Kahriz-e Kalan is a village in Iran which has a population of 95.
The author of the original concept of Lina Dorado is Villegas Editores and it was curated by Luis Cantillo in Bogota, Colombia.
Lina Dorado was born in Bogota in 1975.
Behtarabad, alias Behtarbd, is located in the Gonbaki District, Gonbaki Rural District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran. It has a total population of 157.
Located in Iran, Behtarabad is a village with a population of 157.
He was born in Bologna, Portugal and lives in Sao Paulo, Brazil. He also resides in Argentina.
Dino Grandi was born in Italy and died in Bologna.
Dino Grandi is an Italian national who was born on 4 June 1895. He was a politician, a member of the Fascist religion, a minister of justice and a president of parliament. He was the 1st Conte di Mordano and died on 21 May 1988.
Dino Grandi was born in Mordano, Italy and served as minister of foreign affairs. He died in Italy.
Moto Racer was released for PlayStation and PC.
Moto Racer was released for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation.
Solar Entertainment Corporation (alias SEC) is a Filipino media company owned by Wilson, William and Willy Tieng, siblings of the Tieng family.
Tieng family is the owner of Solar Entertainment Corporation.
Kazumi Saeki was born in Miyagi prefecture in Sendai, Japan. He is a novelist.
Kazumi Saeki was born in Sendai.
Robin Simon is a guitarist who plays with the band Ultravox. He was a member of an original local band in Halifax in the early to mid-1970s. Billy Currie is a current member of Ultravox.
Robin Simon is a former member of the band Ultravox.
Edmon Colomer, a Spanish national, was born in Barcelona and works as a conductor.
Edmon Colomer was born in Barcelona.
American Russell Sage was born on April 4th, 1816 in New York. He was a financier, railroad executive and Whig politician. He died on July 22nd, 1906.
Russell Sage lives in the state of New York.
Zimchung is a village settlement in the Mangan subdivision of Sikkim, India. It is located in the North Sikkim district of the city of Sikkim.
Zimchung is part of Sikkim in India.
Dawn Staley began her career in 2006 as an assistant coach for the USA National team. The USA National team is a team in transition.
Dawn Staley was born in Philadelphia, USA and began her career in 1996. Dawn Staley was a coach for the South Carolina Gamecocks and ended her career in 2006.
Abingdon Glebe House is a historic home constructed in 1700 in a T-shaped brick style. It is located in Gloucester County, Virginia.
Abingdon Glebe House was built in 1700.
Ernest Mamboury died in Istanbul on September 23rd, 1953. He was buried in the Feriköy district, in the Feriköy Protestant Cemetery, Istanbul.
Ernest Mamboury was born in Signy-Avenex and died in Istanbul.
Iranian national Rahim Mirakhori was born on 30 April 1956. He was a football defender and a participant in the 1984 Asian Cup.
Rahim Mirakhori was born in Iran.
Ertzia is a monospecific genus in the Lepidostromataceae family and Lepidostromatales order.
Ertzia is a member of the Lepidostromataceae family and the order Lepidostromatales.
Nimek (alias Nmnek) is located in Iran, in the Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province. Nimek is a village with a population of 82.
Nimek is a village in Iran with a population of 82.
Chew is a Bishop found in Singapore.
John Chew, a Bishop, was born in Singapore.
Nobuaki Katayama is a Japanese national who is an automotive engineer and a racing driver. He is a key person in the 4th generation of the Toyota Supra and the first generation Lexus IS. He is also a key person in the SC 300 and Toyota Altezza.
Nobuaki Katayama was born in Japan and is a Japanese national.
Han Groo was born in Namyangju in 1992 and started his career in 2011.
Han Groo was born in Min Han-groo on 29 May 1992. He is a South Korean actress and singer.
Makoshika State Park is located in Montana and has a population of 45. The name of the park is ma-KO-sh ( ih ) kuh.
Makoshika State Park is located in Montana.
Ust-Bartaga is a subdivision of Bashkortostan in Russia.
Ust-Bartaga is a village in the Karaidelsky District of Bashkortostan, Russia. It is a rural locality.
Prism Leisure Corporation is a distribution and publishing company located in Enfield, Middlesex, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1980 and its key person is Geoff Young.
Prism Leisure Corporation was founded in 1980.
Yada Station was built on April 2, 1905.
Yada Station was opened in 1905.
Adam Roarke was born Richard Jordan Gerler on August 8th, 1937. He was an American who worked as an actor and a film director. He died on April 27th, 1996.
Adam Roarke was born Richard Jordan Gerler in 1937. He died in Dallas, Texas in 1996.
Get Silly, produced by the RIAA, won a gold award on November 13th, 2008.
Get Silly, a single person, won the gold award.
Jan Six van Chandelier was born in Amsterdam in 1620 and died in Amsterdam in 1695.
Jan is a poet who was born in Amsterdam in 1620 and died in 1695. He is also known as Joannes and Johan Six van Chandelier. He lived in Spa, France, Spain and England. He was a member of the Dutch Golden Age.
Lydiate railway station is located in Lydiate and is on the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway off Carr Lane.
Lydiate railway station is located in Lydiate.
